[PRIMUS]






FIRST STEPS




Your eyes scour the area, looking for signs of life. Just as you decide you’re the only one here, they emerge. A dozen children, no older than ten.

“You didn’t come here the usual way,” one child says.


“That might mean you don’t leave the usual way either,” another adds.


As one, they extend their hands, as if for you to take hold. To pick one to travel with.








How did you get here?


1A
I was attacked by someone who wasn’t wholly there. I managed to fight them off and kill them, but they wounded me. I healed, but ever since, I’ve felt out of alignment with the rest of the world, noticing strange things. When I revisited the site where I left the body, hoping to find answers, I found the plants had grown in thick. Pushing through, I found myself here.


1B
Going back and forth from my work, I noticed a narrow apartment building in the middle of nowhere, that was only there at strange hours. Unlocked. I decided to stay inside the building until a time it would disappear, and when I stepped outside, it was into this dark place.


1C
I was going home from a high school parcty when I saw smoke. It was a man lying in a field in a crater, smoking, dead, surrounded by papers and mundane objects with a strangeness to them. When people came, talking about covering this up, I left, my arms full of papers and things. I tried to come here before I tried to ‘Awaken’.


1D
My aunt left everything to my cousin, who put a lot of her things on the curb. I thought there might be things worth saving, so I took boxes that looked like they had more books and papers. What I found wasn’t history, but arcane mysteries, and a vinyl record that, when played, made darkness creep in around the edges of my vision. When I let it go completely dark, I opened my eyes to find myself here.


1E
I dreamed for a long time, and I chased the parts of my dreams that seemed more real than reality. I used willpower and lucid dreaming to push deeper into those parts, until I found something too solid to change with willpower. Coming here felt like crossing a threshold.


1F
When I was a child, I had a friend. Sometimes we hung out every day, sometimes months went by between meetings. He would tell me about fantastical places called the Dreaming Reaches. After years of not seeing him, he found me- he was dying, not really able to live outside of those places. He gave me a piece of himself before he faded, and with that piece, I was able to get here. [CHOSEN]






The children want you to take one of their hands.


2A
Hair in pigtails, blood on her jacket and dress. She was here first out of all the children, and if the look in her eyes is any indication, she’ll be here last. [CHOSEN]


2B
He’s the smallest here, tidy and quiet. He’s braver than most, with the least ability to act on that courage, and wants to help and support, but can rarely do so.


2C
Her attempt at doing her own makeup is startling, her hairstyle severe, her sequin-covered clothing garish. It’s really quite unfair how few people like her.


2D
With holes in his shirt and at the knees of his jeans, he looks like he’s been homeless, and it hit him hard, but a brilliant smile just *blasts* through the grime.


2E
He dresses all in black, and his eyes glitter with cunning. Too clever for his own good, absolutely, but is he too clever for your own good too?


2F
She has skinny legs barely able to hold her up, wears a quilted vest-coat, her hair in a braid. She was treated like a princess once, but times have been tough, and edifying.


2G
He’s one of those kids who stands out by being bigger than kids two years older. Gentle until riled, he’d be even bigger when grown, if he wasn’t slated to die first.


2H
She wears an army helmet over short hair and carries an improvised weapon, dirt and war paint streaking her face, but some would have you think she was gentle.


2I
A jittery fellow who wears an old fashioned, tunic-like shirt, black, with white lace at the collar, short pants, and shoes with pointed tips. Hated, despite his good work.


2J
Large glasses, a sweater, and pleated skirt. An academic girl, she knows of dark things you can’t ever, and of something you should never.


2K
A dashing thief with no interest in that which glitters, an independent and incurious soul, and he, alone out of this group, an unrepentant killer, and that’s somehow okay.


2L
She takes to the rain like a flower takes to sun, eyes wide and unblinking. She seems in tune with this place, but she may not be in tune with you. Is that bad? [CHOSEN]






First and Last Name?


3A Arden
3B Dylan
3C Sinclair
3D Casey
3E Raleigh
3F Early
3G Quinn
3H Jack
3I Hollis
3J Parker
3K Sidney
3L Troy
3M Dell
3N Jordan
3O Finley
3P Brady
3Q Addison
3R Drew
3S Robin
3T Gail
3U Bailey
3V Lou
3W Toby
3X Sam
3Y Grey
3Z Verne
3* Suggest your own, give it a number.


4A Moran
4B Hewes
4C Bushnell
4D Langford
4E Aldridge
4F Vanover
4G Crandall
4H Coats
4I Bray
4J Hubbel
4K Whitten
4L Gwinn
4M Velte
4* Suggest your own, give it an unused letter.






Your Paths-based practice?
What did you discover (relating to question 1)?


5A Grand Marshal
5B Whimsy
5C Chaos Mage
5D Lost Soul
5E Boonkeep
5F Dream Gardener
5H Finder
5I Grounded
5J Path Runner
5K Receiver
5L Founder
5M ‘Napper
5N Wander
5O Seeker [CHOSEN]
5P Curious
5Q Loser
5R Transient
5S Paths Dabbler






The Forest Ribbon Trail


The children are resistant to the idea of both of them going, treating it as a very embarrassing thing, but they do remain, while the rest of the children retreat into shadows and crevices.


"You clearly have a lot to learn and a very short time to learn it," the girl with the pigtails says. "This is the Forest Ribbon Trail, and something terrible waits at the end. If you do as we say, you can make it through."


She seems to be waiting for something, then, not getting it, sticks out a foot, poking the other girl with her toe. The other girl looks startled, peering up briefly with wet hair clinging to her head, strands across her face. "Oh. You get a present at the end."


"You're supposed to tell them about the steps along the way. There are five objects. Axe, cat skull, coin, something woven, and something that keeps time. We'll explain as we go. For now, keep an eye out. The monster at the end has one. That decides how it treats you and what it does. I'm very, very good at handling the monster."


She proudly thumps her chest with one hand.


"Then you get a treasure at the end," the other girl says, quiet.


"Come on!" the first girl says, with enthusiasm. She runs ahead, up to high ground on the left, then lands overhead, to the right. In a moment she's hard to track with the eye, she looks like a rabbit. At the same time she goes high, the other girl goes low. To the water, beneath. She swims, tail swishing, fish scales bright yellow-orange in the gloom, then emerges. She beckons, silent.


You have materials on hand that you've yet to decipher. A lot of it is gated by an Awakening, but you don't know how and haven't done it yet. An old friend told you some things of these Dreaming Reaches, at least, so you feel better prepared to handle this. Those things will stay in your back pocket for now.


Your old friend gave you something, though. A piece of himself, that when you took it, became a piece of yourself. It looked like something ordinary but it sank into you like heat spreads out into a solid surface.






What's the focus, walking this Path?


6A Interact with the pair. Ask a series of questions, and get more hints about what they can do. Mutually exclusive with 6C. [CHOSEN]
6B Stop, take stock. Ask a more general question, get a hint.
6C Turn all focus toward the surroundings, keen for hints, the items the pair mentioned, and other odds and ends.






What sort of item was passed on?


7A A thing you can carry with you. It’s a mundane object, like a broom or fishing rod, but it acts like a part of you.
7B A vessel, holding fuel or steam, or some other reserve.
7C A heart, spade, diamond, club, cup, wand, sword, or coin. It marks you in a place tattoos can’t normally go. The pupil of the eye, a tooth. [CHOSEN]
7D A hole that, now that it’s on your body, lets someone see right through you.
7E Something sentimental, but it's the sentiment of another Lost, given to your companion, then given to you. Maybe it’ll find its way home.
7F A curiosity- it changes day by day, as a Path can be one thing but appear different at different times, or to different eyes.
7G A conceit- something immutable, resistant to change, tied to a Path. Hardy, but heavy in a way that has nothing to do with actual weight.






The Forest Ribbon Trail, Conversations


“There are rules for each item, see?” the rabbit asks. “When you spot the cat skull, that means you have to turn around.”


“Give it to the monster if you want to free two of the Lost, further down. It can be a way to make some strong friends,” the fish explains.


“The coin has to be traded away. To a Lost that isn’t us, or you’ll lose something when you leave. That can be a big deal.”


“Give it to the monster to get back something you lost. You can do all sorts of fun things with that. I’ll help,” the fish says.


The rabbit gives the fish a weird look. “The woven thing tangles you up, but you can close your eyes and we’ll guide you.”


“If you give the woven thing to the monster, you can come back here again and again. It’s not so bad, the next time around, and it can mean any place in the world is a short walk away. That might not sound so special, but there’s a secret,” the fish explains.


“The timepiece is a delay. Gotta wait after you find it, which gets complicated” the rabbit says, but she’s almost talked over by the fish saying, “A magic item! Sometimes it’s really strong!”


“The axe is danger. A fight, specifically. So watch out, because a Lost from the Path or the monster can come for you when the axe is around. Grabbing it forces them to wrap up fast.”


“A weapon,” the fish says, with a tone approaching awe. She gets more excited the more they talk about these things. “Pew pew! Chop chop! Kablammo! I want to try it!”


“Do you have air bubbles in your brain?” the rabbit asks. She huffs. “There’s a way things are done here. We get sacrificed to the most horriblest deaths imaginable so you don’t.”


“Oh yeah,” the fish says.


“So you won’t get to try any of that stuff. Obviously,” the rabbit tells the fish.


The fish seems okay with this.


“It’s okay,” the rabbit says. “More rabbits have been down this path than any other animal. It’s our specialty. It’s why my dress has blood on it. They ran out of clean ones for rabbits. But I’m going to do a super job for you. I’ll protect you.”


“Anything you want to say or ask?” the fish asks.






What to ask about or say?


8*a Choose what to ask or say, #1
8*b Choose what to ask or say, #2
8*c Choose what to ask or say, #3




Top 3 community picks for statements or questions will be presented. Community should organize their own poll.
(Decisions, orders, or topics raised here may affect future scenes or scenarios)






The Forest Ribbon Trail, Conversations II


"If ‘the way things are done here’ means you die horribly... you mentioned we might not have to leave the usual way?"


“Oh,” the fish responds. “We’ll have to see, won’t we? You’re more Innocent than some who come here, so that makes the road easier. Normally there are rules about where you should look. Or how the rabbit treats you. Or what I need. Now there aren’t. Depending, you could have an easier time of it.”


“Do be careful,” the rabbit stresses. “It’s still dangerous. The monster’s still the monster. I don’t say it’s name, because that gives it power, and everything counts when it’s something that bad. You might get away with more with her. Especially with me here.




“How did you get here? Did you come with anyone?”


The rabbit blinks. “We’ve always been here, we’ll always be here. Even after the monster does unspeakable things to us. Like she said-” -she jerks a thumb toward the fish- “you’re innocent. Already doing things the way you’re not meant to. Bringing both of us, for example. Coming like you did, there was no warning, so...”


“Oh yeah,” the fish breathes the words, grabbing the rabbit’s sleeve. The rabbit pulls her arm free. “I guess we got pulled out of storage? Animals who got lost before they ate or did other stuff to meet the criteria.”


“Can’t bleed or draw blood. And we weren’t in storage, dingaling.”


The fish nods her acknowledgment and shrugs in an exaggerated way.




"Do you two have names? Can you tell me about yourselves and about each other?"


"We have names, but they’re old and the ways to say them have been lost," the rabbit explains.


"She has a better, longer old name than I do," the fish adds. "Even though I’m older."


"I have seniority."


"That’s true. Anyway, you can name us if you want, but it might be better if you don’t."


"This girl is a dingaling. She thinks about stuff that’s not as important, she’s not that good at the *running* part of Path Running."


"All true," the fish agrees. "Or the jumping or the climbing."


"I guess she’s good at other stuff. Depends where she is. If you’re swimming, floating..."


"Very good."


"...surfing, flying a comet. Going places too dangerous for you."


"Mm hmm."


"And some stuff with getting the most out of magic you find, I guess. But she’s a dingaling."


"Can’t be said enough," the fish adds. "And she... is cool?"


"You have to give them more than that."


"Very cool? Almost as cool as the weapon you’re probably not going to take out of here, and almost definitely won’t show me," the fish explains.


"Obviously, but, ugh. I already told you what I do. I’m a tragic heroine, a survivor, a trickster when I need to be a trickster, a girl from the wrong side of the rabbit-proof fence. I go toe to toe with the baddest bad guy out there."


"You rush things."


"Things *should* be rushed. What’s the saying? Haste is ace?"


"Mm, no," the fish murmurs.


"Haste is in good taste?" the rabbit asks. "No? Haste gets you first place. No...?"






It seems the conversation will continue in the background.
Where to next, do you think?


9A Investigate dark corners. Maybe there’s a weapon, tool, or something else... [CHOSEN]
9B Turn all focus toward the surroundings, looking for hints, the items the pair mentioned, and other odds and ends.
9C Take an action specific to an item, collect an item, or something else
(Specify what, as you make this vote)






As the bond with the companions grows, there’s more conversation. Ask a question each move.
10* Choose what to ask or say.






The Forest Ribbon Trail, Conversation While Walking from II to III


"I had a friend, a long time ago, when I was a child. He gave me something, and I think it helped me get here. Did you know him? He was marked with playing card patterns. Even clothes I lent him took on that texture. Every part of him, if you looked long enough, had those symbols."


The rabbit responds, “Saying that is like saying you should know Mrs. Packman, who baked the pies across the street from your grandmother’s house that you visited a few times.”


“Except we do know him,” the fish adds.


“Well, yeah, obviously,” the rabbit huffs. “But I’m trying to be delicate and explain, these places, the Dreaming Reaches, as he called them? They’re big. There’s a lot. Maybe even more than there’s a lot of your world.”


“But we know your guy because we know you,” the fish explains. “Things you know became things we know, so even though we don’t know the guy you knew in a way you didn’t know him, we know him how you knew him now. Because we know you, somehow.”


The rabbit nods. “You can give a non-dingaling answer sometimes.”


“I can’t tell you anything you don’t already know,” the fish says, apologetic. “But it’s good you asked. Counts for something.”






The Forest Ribbon Trail, III


The white stone road cuts through the seemingly very shallow water, and leads deeper into some fallen city, buildings collapsed and sunken into the water and the surface below it, trees growing out of mud, shallow water, and building. Sodden ribbons stream everywhere, the rainwater running down them, making them tremble or bow here and there. The rain has thoroughly drenched everyone present.


There’s no item at this stage, at least.


As conversation pauses, progress slowing, the two companions keep their eyes out. They explain how Paths work. How the items could appear by some trick, in the graffiti, any image or words.


Before you the wide white road tilts. The rain makes it slick, but the grit of it makes for little chance of slippage. There’s a stretch dense with detritus further down, by the water - there might be something in that detritus that you can carry forward. Maybe useful items.


There’s also high ground, giving a view of what’s coming further on, so plans can be made, though you might want to hold onto the edge of the road for safety. A fallen tree splits the options... it’s possible to stop there for a second to take stock once again.






11A Head down to lower ground, where there’s detritus and possible resources.
Mutually exclusive with 11B [CHOSEN]
11B Head to the high ground for the vantage point. Maybe thin for clues, but gives a wider picture, and access to that resting spot on the tree.
11C Take an action specific to an item, collect an item, or something else
(Specify what, as you make this vote)


11* Pick something to ask/talk about for the next move (Free, from growing bond)






The Forest Ribbon Trail, IV


What’s happening after this? Where do I go after we confront that monster?


"We know what you know," the rabbit says. "And we know things that everyone native to these places know, and I know rabbit things and she knows fish things, and we know what you need to know to get through this as others have done before. But I think, also, you have a feeling, like I have a feeling, that something bad is going to happen."


"I don’t have that feeling," the fish says. "That’s interesting. I wonder if that means something. Because she belongs here more than I do."


You’ve reached the spot along the side of the Path. Here, the running water from multiple places spills down over road, wood and building material, and is strained through a collection of branches and fallen trees, before flowing out of reach. You can take three items, from a row or a column.






1
Club to Ribbons


A makeshift club of wood from the Forest Ribbon Trail, with ribbons tangled at the end.


Use: A weapon. Not an especially great one. It gives you:
[Wide Swing]
[Overhead Swing]
[Big Swing]
[Trailing Ribbons]
[Slippery Grip]




0
White Road Brick


This brick comes from the footing of the Forest Ribbon Trail. It's a brick.


Use: It can be used a a brick might. In a combat situation, it can be used as a weapon, giving:
[Oops]
[Overhead Bash]
[Clumsy Bash]
[Awkward Toss]




1
Sodden Papers: 'Dogs'


Various papers from Paths relevant events. There are images of dogs on them.


Use: Can spend at any time for 1-2 clues, some Path related. If used in relation to something tied to the title image, instead grants a basic hint in addition to the clues.


Consumable




0
Paths Herb, Yellow


When so many of the plants and trees are resistant to tampering, this bit of greenery stands out amid its surroundings.


Use: It's an herb. You don't know enough about Path Herbs to know what it is or what it might do.


Resource




2
Red's Rags
This is a third of a mantle, which is a smaller part of a greater outfit. It belongs to the Forest Ribbon Trail, and if left to its own devices, will go back there.


Use: A piece of equipment, equipped in any slot. Can be tied on or left loose.




0
Path Trash


This clump of trash doesn't always look the same when examined from the top as from the side.


Use: Can pull it apart to get 0-3 random tier 0 Paths items. Brought back to a workshop or such, gives a clue, instead.




1
Coil of Ribbons


It’s a length of white ribbon that looks a little threadbare.


Use: Create a connection between nodes on a Path you're on, then flip two coins.
2 Heads: Nothing happens.
1 Heads: Item breaks
2 Tails: You get hurt, (minor injury, moderate injury, or get Lost) & item breaks.




0
Paths Herb, Redblack


When so many of the plants and trees are resistant to tampering, this bit of greenery leans toward your hand.


Use: You could try eating it. It's an herb. You don't know enough about Path Herbs to know what it is or what it might do.


Resource




1
Chunk of Wolf’s Wood


A chunk of wood from the Forest Ribbon Trail. It looks more useful as something to be carved, burned, or put to use than as a weapon or item.


No direct use. This is a resource, worth an unknown amount of money. It seems visceral, and... something else?


Resource






12A
Take from the top row: Club to Ribbons, White Road Brick, and Sodden Papers.


12B
Take from the middle row: Yellow Path Herb, Red’s Rags, Path Trash


12C
Take from the bottom row: Coil of Ribbons, Redblack Path Herb, Chunk of Wolf’s Wood.


12D
Take from the left column: Club to Ribbons, Yellow Path Herb, Coil of Ribbons


12E
Take from the middle column: White Road Brick, Red’s Rags, Redblack Path Herb. [CHOSEN]


12F
Take from the rightmost column: Sodden Papers, Path Trash, Chunk of Wolf’s Wood.


12*
Improvise some other answer, despite the precarious footing and placement of items.








The Forest Ribbon Trail, IVb


Moving things out of the mess causes the water flow to change, branches to sag, and it’s a quick lunge to grab the brick, scrap of red cloth, and plant before the entire thing drops and the two companions have to tug on clothing to help avoid this becoming a disaster.


The prizes have been obtained, at least.


It looks like there’s only one way forward. The trees get thicker and closer to the road there.


“I think we’re being followed,” the rabbit says, quietly. “We shouldn’t be. If we’re fast about this, we can outrun it.”






[White Road Brick] [Red’s Rags] [Paths Herb, Redblack]


The White Road Brick expands one's attack options while wielded. There's no guarantee a given attack option will be available in a scrap. The options are:




OVERHEAD BASH 
[grey-hit U, star U, shield U]


Stuns if not blocked




CLUMSY BASH
[hits RL]




AWKWARD TOSS 


High damage, 50% to hit top, left, right, then lose this weapon.




OOPS 


Drop this weapon if this is the only brick card in your hand.




Red’s Rags can be equipped. Tied on, they secure other equipment against loss from damage and Path effects. Left loose, they grant evasion against incoming harm, once a fight maximum. Their effect is minor, since they’re a part of something bigger- 9% chance for their function to take effect. As there is no other equipment of concern, the slot it's equipped in doesn’t matter.




The herb’s function is a mystery.






13A
Move forward.


13B
Take an action specific to an item, collect an item, or something else.
(Specify what, as you make this vote)


13*
Pick something to ask/talk about for the next move (Free, from growing bond)


13* write-in: Pick up the coin and move forward, save it for later [CHOSEN]










The Forest Ribbon Trail, V


Keen eyes spot the coin camouflaged in the foliage. One of the items discovered. The rabbit pushes things along, quite literally, urging movement.


"Oh, here’s the coin! Fish, you said you could help us if we decided to give it to the monster. Do you have something in mind? Something we might not be thinking of?"


"Something you might not be thinking of? I know a lot about you, but I don’t know what you’re thinking, so I can’t say for sure what you’re not thinking of.”


Cold rain drips down from the branches above, as the white brick road leads into a darker section of the woods, where the ambient light is cut off. The ribbons seem brighter here, and that brightness combined with the white of the road might be the only reason it’s possible to navigate. Things are eerily quiet here, the more crowded trees seeming to block off all sound.


"Are you going to blather, dingaling, or are you going to help come up with ideas?" the rabbit asks. It seems she’s tense. “Could revive the Lost friend. They might want their body part back."


"Revival, yeah! Only of a Lost, really. Hmmm, recollection? Could ask for memories of skills you learned and forgot. A refresher on all that. Won’t be a lot of knowledge with one thing, but it could be a little knowledge with a bunch of little things. Lost opportunities? Get something you missed out on? Not that there’s much that’s major. Could pick a different companion than a dingaling fish."


“Fish?” the rabbit asks. “Why are you recommending we get replaced? We have responsibilities.”


“Just saying! Hmm. Missing years. Missing socks.”


This far in, the water appears black, and the distinction between water and black wood is hard to make out. A white road, cutting through oblivion, the ribbons and rain all around you.


The bright red rag you’ve tied on feels paltry, as defenses go, even if there’s a little Paths magic to it, but at least you have a weapon at hand.


“We might have to deal with some Lost down the way,” the rabbit notes. “They’re not supposed to step onto the road, but they can mess with us from the wayside, with words or tricks. There might be one that can grab at us or something. If it comes to that, we can take a few swings to try to break free, then hurry on.”






14A
Stick to the left side, for an open area.


14B
Cut down the middle, where a Lost seems intent on blocking your progress by reaching down from above.


14C
Go right, where a group of Lost are standing in the trees.


14D
Take an action specific to an item, collect an item, or something else.
(Specify what, as you make this choice)


14*
Pick something to ask/talk about for the next move (Free, from growing bond)


14* write-in: Grab the scarf! [CHOSEN]






The Forest Ribbon Trail, VI


There, the scarf. As the pair of companions talk, the thread, caught on their clothing, steadily unspools, pulling away from a black scarf wrapped around a black branch. If it wasn’t for the texture, it might have been impossible to see.


The rule says eyes closed, so the kids take the lead, with directions to get under and past the monster, to where treasure may possibly lay.


Even with the high traction, the wet brick and puddles make for uneasy footing.


“You mentioned a secret...”


“I did,” the fish replies, voice firm. “There are rules on how people behave here, and those rules get more relaxed as you come more times. Other roads you could take might open up. Things come to the surface. Like the red rag there. Taking the scarf could make it so those things come to the surface faster and faster. Rags, doors, other things tied to this place.”


“Of course, that means you have to deal with the monster each time, right?” the rabbit asks. “And you won’t have us like you do now.”


“But if a road to somewhere else is found, and you leave before you reach the monster, you could use this Path for other things. Like herb gardening.”


“My gut says that doesn’t fit the spirit of things. The monster wouldn’t play along. They might come to the surface too.”


“That makes sense,” the fish says. “Maybe there’s ways if we take breaks? Like, the monster might relax faster than things go back beneath the surface? I’d have to look at the scarf more than we have time for, to see the details, and I can’t do that because I’ll be dead.”


“You’ll take a piece of us with you if you leave, at least,” the rabbit says. “Maybe that’ll help you if you want to do that. Heads up, and I mean that in the opposite way I said it, because it’s really heads down because they’re up in the trees. We’re going to have to fight.”






This is a fight. I won’t wait terribly long for votes, nor delay for consensus. The rules are arcane, it’s intended you don’t understand 100%. The practitioner doesn’t know how to fight either.


For a short skirmish, the player draws 5 cards:


[block (shield DL)] [punch (hit UR)] [kick (hit DL)] [Awkward Toss] [Overhead Bash]


The opponent does the same.


The person with the advantage decides who starts. Play order is player A, 1 card. Player B, 2 cards. Player A, 2 cards, player B, 1 card:


A (Round 1) A (Round 3) A (Round 3)
B (Round 2) B (Round 2) B (Round 4)


If the player starts (becoming player A), pick a card from the draw. If the opponent does, it’ll be hidden (due to blindness), and the player should pick 2.


Nine health remain.


♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥






15A
Take the initiative (and decide a card)


15B
Force them to move first (then decide your two cards)






[combat: we play Overhead Bash, opponent plays two cards we can’t see, second has a shield U]


Your swing is blocked, to no avail.  Pick your next two cards.


Overhead Bash has been used, so it's not an option.




[combat: we play block (shield DL) and punch (hit UR), they play hit UU and hit U]




Your guard is insufficient to protect the blows from coming overhead.  You take 2 strikes from above.
Your attack strikes twice, in return, catching the reaching arm and the face peeking through low branches.
They strike you once more.


The brief skirmish ends.  The enemy scored more hits and seizes the advantage.  They, out of the choices given, draw another card to see if they can score a free hit  (defensive, so no) & take the advantage for the subsequent round.


You can choose to move on or stand your ground for a new round.






The Forest Ribbon Trail, VIb


♥♥♥♥♥♥XXX


Running battered, bleeding, with three new injuries, puts the grabbing Other well behind.


“There’s some Others to the left side, they look less dangerous. And it looks like a body in the center, they might have something. I don’t think we should go for both, or that guy might drop down on top of us again.”






16A Ask to go to the Others to the left side.
16B Head for the goods. [CHOSEN]
16C Take an action specific to an item, collect an item, or something else.
16* Pick something to ask/talk about for the next move






%roll 3d100
[27] [18] [90] = 135


%roll 4l10
[4] (7) (7) (6) = 4


%roll 5l10
(6) (3) (2) (6) [1] = 1


%roll 6l10
(3) (3) [2] (5) (8) (4) = 2






The Forest Ribbon Trail, VII


Here lies a Path Runner, apparently, who came to the Forest Ribbon Trail, only to fall on the Path.


“She must not have had a companion like us to help or take the harm,” the fish remarks. “She looks older, she might be someone returning for a second trip.”


“Had to be a Lost from the side of the Path,” the rabbit adds, in an offended tone. “A practitioner would have looted the body better.”


“You can’t see, so I’ll describe it,” the fish says. “This vest she’s wearing, and her pants? That used to be tweed, but the pattern changed. It looks like wood grain. Drinking in the Forest Ribbon Trail. This is the best thing here. You could wear it like armor.”


“A hole from a tree, the kind squirrels like, but the only squirrels you’ll see around *these* woods are ones helping someone down the Trail. It’s been torn out of the tree. I don’t know what you could do with it. And glass. Decorative. When light shines through it, the shadows have added bits, like ribbons blowing in the wind.”


There is a pregnant pause.


“Her shirt is magical, too. Less than the rest. And her pants,” the fish says. “The pants and shirt have a quality that intertwines with the vest.”


“It would be unkind to mistreat the body,” the rabbit says. “She looks like a gentlelady of class. She took care with her hair and her things. What would it say, to disrobe her and leave her corpse lying here, rain-drenched, in her underthings?”


“We’re being chased,” the fish adds.


“There is that, too,” the rabbit says. “It would take a moment. Our pursuer would draw nearer.”






Write-in: Give the body a watery sendoff while we wait out the timepiece, and unblind ourselves [CHOSEN]






The Forest Ribbon Trail, VIIb


The faintest of ticking identifies the hourglass in a coat pocket with the notebook keeping track of everything so far. It might have dropped from above with the same gentleness of falling rain, landing there. It’s an excuse to remove the scarf and collect the more obvious items...




4 
Teak Vest


It was tweed and now it’s taken on qualities of wood and forest. For the academic who likes the woods.


Use: Defensive equipment. Worn in a middle slot. Grants: 
[Hardwood]


While worn, the first time you take damage in a combat, heal ♥ a turn for N turns, where N is the number of Teak things you equip.




1 
Wood Hollow


The cozy hole of the sort squirrels like, from a tree, ripped out of the tree to be standalone.


Use: Grants power enough for a practice or ritual, once every 7 days. If used for things that aren’t Paths, Nature, or Hollow (Vestige), double the time it takes to recharge. Can be tapped for use even if not equipped.




2 
Ribbon Glass


The end of a large telescope, broken under it’s old owner’s body. When light shines through it, even if nothing lies between the light and the glass, there are shadows of ribbons.


This is an asset, a decoration with passive effects for a workspace, likely needs to be set against a window or light source.l






...before deciding that, with the available time, it’s best to carry on to collect the rest, stripping the woman of her shirt and pants.


The rabbit looks aside as the clothing is removed. The fish is a little less obviously bothered, but the usual excited talk about getting new things has stopped. The rain falls all down around the scene. Grit from the bricks and plant life has settled into skin, patterning it a bit like tattoos, and the bruising of lividity blends her into the scenery. The items are retrieved. Sodden, but usable.




1
Leaf Line Shirt


The pinstripe lines of this shirt have blots on them. Looking closely, they’re taking the shapes of leaves.


Use: Defensive equipment with minor passive effects to be discovered later.


Counts as half an item for purposes of meeting requirements relating to Nature.




2
Teak Trousers


Fine trousers with suspenders, to be worn as part of an outfit. The weave resembles wood, if examined closely.


Use: Defensive equipment. Worn in a middle slot. Grants:
[Plant Feet]


While worn, the first time you would take N damage a combat, take 1, where N is the number of Teak things you equip +1.




The distant figure approaches.






The Forest Ribbon Trail, VIIc


The body is moved, rolled into the water, and it lands there, in shallow water and mud.


“It was a good thought, at least,” the fish remarks, brightly. The rabbit concedes with a nod, maybe still not happy about taking the things.


The figure approaches, impossible to see in the dark and the rain. Steel glints in their hand.


The rabbit places herself at the ready, in the middle of the road, ready for imminent confrontation.






The Forest Ribbon Trail, VIId


The rain continues to pour down. The figure does not advance any further, keeping a set distance away.




Suggested votes:
A: Wait
B: Go ahead
C: Change pants & Wait [CHOSEN]
D: Change pants & go






The Forest Ribbon Trail, VIIe


The figure doesn’t budge during the minute-long process of getting wet shoes off, pants off, new pants on, then shoes back on and securely retied.


In the distance, a tornado siren comes on. This Forest Ribbon Trail is a city, fallen, sunken into flooded waters, trees growing out of the ruins, and some part of that city still has a warning system, the engineering rusted, every component on the brink of failure, and it still manages to groan out its creaky, eerie cry. Distant red warning lights go on in the distance, flashing through the trees.


Write-in: Run, leaving behind the timepiece [CHOSEN]






The Forest Ribbon Trail, VIII


Running like this, timepiece cast aside, coin and scarf in hand, there’s no room for conversation, but it seems whatever attachment was formed with the companions has been somewhat strained by recent actions. They’ll do their duty, at least.


Dark Others stalk the trees, matching your pace, or moving in ways that mean they’re constantly a few paces ahead of you, in the foliage. There is a woman with a darkness behind her eyes, that make one feel as though they’ve seen the stars- not a single glance, or even a few minutes of study, but that they saw stars in a way someone who has studied them for twenty years sees them.


“That pretty coin,” she says, and her voice sounds like oceans settling. “Give it to me and I’ll tell you where to find another two rags like the one you wear.”


“Give me the coin,” says a fat little man with fat distributed in ways that make anyone with a middle ear feel uneasy, the bulges moving and jostling in ways directly contrary to expectations as he jogs and dips through the trees, reappearing further ahead, “and I won’t spend untold aeons defiling that pretty little corpse you tipped over onto the side of the Path for us.”


“Give me the coin,” a Lost whispers, from close by - there was no indication they were there before those words, and there’s even less indication after. “I’ll give your pursuer a treasure.”


“Give me the coin,” a boy says, and he seems much like your boon companions, if the animal he once represented ceased to be... or never was. “and I’ll have treasure of the sort you debated grabbing, crouched by the water, a long ways back, waitig for you every time you exit the Paths. Please, I’ve been here for so long. Eighty nyears pass between chances like this, I don’t have much to offer except that trash.”


He’s barely able to keep up, and falls away, but he’ll take the coin if it’s offered.


A Lost with a Nutcracker’s head, worn like a person wearing the mascot costume, very weary, with the same kind of patterns on flesh and cloth as you’d find on a boy’s had, says, “Give me the coin and I’ll help you with what’s coming. You’re going to need it.”






17A
Give the coin for clues about Red’s Rags.


17B
Give the coin for a promise the corpse won’t be desecrated.


17C
Give the coin to have your pursuer gain a treasure.


17D
Give the coin for a promise of trash you might treasure, delivered regularly, and for a boy’s long-awaited freedom. [CHOSEN]


17E
Give the coin for a promise of much needed aid.


17F
Keep the coin for yourself, with intent to give it to the monster.


17G
Take an action specific to an item, collect an item, or something else.






The Forest Ribbon Trail, VIIIb


The boy takes the coin, stumbles, and falls into the water. It’s less than an inch deep, but he is swallowed up by it, splashed with darkness in the moment before, his eyes bright, the glint of the coin brighter.


The others fall back and away. The rain masks the splashes and noises of their footfalls.


The gifts will come, one has to assume.


The road is more broken up than before. Where it was once the most intact thing in a ruined, overgrown cityscape, painted in navy blues and dark grays, in a sunless twilight, it is now shattered, fallen trees dividing it. One way is treacherous and rocky, but overgrown with resources. Primarily herbs, by the looks of it. The bricks of the Path lie scattered over the side of a fallen building, necessitating careful footsteps to keep feet placed on the white brick.


On the lower route, it’s straighter, more intact. A gate sits half-fallen, slanted-ways. It’s possible to run through and shut it behind, to force the pursuer to take the harder road.








18A
Take the straight road, shutting the gate, buying yourself a chance to rest, healing a little. [CHOSEN]


18B
Go high, gather plants, taking advantage of being the first one to precarious footing to make pursuit hard- if they decide to push it.


18C
Take an action specific to an item, collect an item, or something else.


18*
Your animals aren’t feeling conversational or open to questions, but you could try saying something, especially now that it seems you’re close to the end.








The Forest Ribbon Trail, VIII


The gate bangs shut, and there’s a moment to breathe. It’s not too hard to track the pursuer’s slow and careful progress across the detritus, so things can be sorted out, the shirt pulled on, the head wounds tended.


Some of the past damage is restored.


♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥X


“For whatever it's worth, I am sorry about that.”


“Hm?” the fish asks. “Oh.”


“It’s fine,” the rabbit answers. “You do what you have to.”


It doesn’t sound entirely convincing.


“Focus on what lies ahead… and behind, I guess.”






19A
Preparations, going into the darkness?


19* 
Final words? Plans?


Write-in: Attempt to put the brick in your spare pair of pants to make a flail. “This whole thing is fucked. But I’m going to find a way to get you both out of here. I promise.” [CHOSEN]


The Forest Ribbon Trail, IX


The brick and the pants make for an awkward flail- the brick isn’t in a position to be thrown or dropped, but it can be swung around, at least.


“This whole thing is fucked. But I’m going to find a way to get you both out of here. I promise.”


“That’s not really the point of this, you know?” the fish asks, before leaping forward to jump in a puddle, splashing. “But thank you, I suppose.”


“If it’s so f-worded, then why are you taking the scarf?” the rabbit asks. “It means you’re going to come back here again and again, and dig into this, try to figure more out? Or we’re going to, I guess, if you’re promising we leave.”


The little light that was available on the Paths is fading, and all that remains is glistening blood- running down ribbons where it was once rain, the wet glinting with light as if there was a light source when there isn’t one, light shining through the parts where the blood runs thin. The further you go, the more intense that effect becomes, until there’s only the path underfoot and red ribbons.








THE WOLF


He lounges on old furniture, the sort that gets dragged out to a clearing and left there to molder. A television set sits there too, cord frayed and sparking, not plugged into anything as it lies on the forest floor. The buzz of static makes the voice of a man frantically announcing the final length of a horse race buzz, words aborted. The light from the television isn’t black and white, but black and red.


The man sits with arms draped across the back of a wide chair, black cigar with a burning red ember at the end in between the fingers of one hand. He’s broad across the body, with heavy arms, and wears a suit with a shirt that has the top buttons undone- a chain necklace resembling a dog’s choke collar, and bristling body hair stands out there. His hands are thick-fingered and strong, with veins standing out on the backs of them, and hair thicker on the spaces between knuckles than some people have in the way of eyebrows. The knuckles seem scarred and callused, in a way that suggests he’s punched so many people it’s marked his hands. His nails all the more so, but for clawing, a bit too long, thick, and ragged at the ends.


A notched axe sits across his knees, the handle wolf’s wood, similar to earlier, so gnarled and splintered it looks painful to hold, the head corroded black and irregular, except for the blade, which gleams.


His eyes barely leave the screen, but when he glances at the rabbit, he sneers in distaste. One hand turns over, and a finger beckons.


The rabbit seems to feel this is okay, because she leads the way to a spot in the forest clearing, a set distance away from the ‘monster’. The fish remains a pace behind, hand clutching the sleeve of the pinstripe shirt.


The announcer on the TV continues, long past the point that a real race should have ended, voice strained and words rushed, conveying every detail possible. There are images of the running horses, eyes wild and frantic, froth at the corners of their mouths. For some, there’s blood in that froth- or so it seems, on the dichromatic TV, red and black.


When he speaks, it’s the voice of a mob boss in films, but exaggerated to the point it instills the same sort of fear and menace that one would only feel if they were entirely at a film mobster’s mercy, about to receive the kind of punishment that requires rare creativity, and delivers a tortured ending that nobody in human history has thought of and implemented before then. The texture of the words is gravelly and faintly accented, words said with a carelessness that comes with power, and spending time with the sort of people who would spit on ‘civilized’ words.


“You’re greedy.”






He looks away from the screen. “Taking two companions. Then you don’t even pay head to them? Not just one, but two angels of innocence and all the ripeness of childhood sitting on your metaphorical fucking shoulders and you go and steal from the dead? You’re accruing debts you’re not paying enough mind to. Debts you don’t pay back with words. You pay back with sacrifices. You think I’m only going to kill one of your little friends there, and that makes it even?”


He sits forward, one hand resting on the axe.


“Two little friends? Means you get two wolves, kid.”


Footsteps mark the arrival of the pursuer. They’re younger, wearing a red coat with a hood that hides their face. A knife in one hand. A cat skull in the other.


“Or should I say one and a half? One Little Wolf that hasn’t found its stride yet. So I called ‘em over.”


It’s impossible to keep both in view at the same time. On the television screen, the horse race has devolved into carnage. Horses have run so hard muscles have torn and bones broken, and they struggle forward over a pile of the other fallen, pulling themselves over bodies on the jagged bones protruding from legs, only to be clawed at by those seeking purchase over them in turn. A man dies, strangled by the lead attached to a horse’s mouth. The announcer’s voice is so raw as to be unintelligible.


“I didn’t have this from the start. You forgot it,” the Little Wolf says, holding up the cat’s skull, as the larger Wolf chuckles, low and mean. “Hey, Wolf?”


“Mmm?”


“Do I count as Lost enough?”


“Sure. But they’re Aware, not Awakened. So they’re supposed to get it easier. Fight ‘em for it. The chance to go back.”


He smiles. “Then even if you make it through, I have my turn with you, kid. You might be greedy, but I’ll tell you now, I’m greedier.”






THE DECISION


Because the vote for what practitioner to be had the Little Wolf masked, some may have voted for it without recognizing what they were voting for. I’m putting forward two options here.


A: The Little Wolf who just appeared on the scene is Sinclair. To date, we’ve been tracking them, aware of what they’re doing, but they’re not really our playable character here. Following a scrap with this yet-unnamed practitioner to bring them low, Sinclair will use the Cat Skull to take their place, taking their collected loot, their things, and adopting their background as Sinclair’s own (including the history with the Lost), albeit a stolen version.


The practitioner’s family and peers will, though the astute might feel uneasy and can’t put their finger on what’s wrong, naturally accept Sinclair into that person’s life. From there, the option remains to carry on as a regular practitioner, to try to get to a place in a group or family where the Little Wolf can do a lot of damage, or focus on Little Wolf things, dropping in on Practitioners currently running Paths to spoil their efforts and reap rewards. The players will have Little Wolf practices.


Taking this option necessitates killing both companions, turning them into magical items to take thereafter.


B: Our protagonist with the two boon companions we’ve followed so far is Sinclair. They take the second place finisher for practices, becoming a Seeker with Seeker practices. You’ll have to fight off the Little Wolf and deal with the Wolf, but can then go live life as a new practitioner. As a Seeker, the practitioner will dabble in scrivening practices, and can use them to call Scrivening Others and hack puzzles and Path dynamics, dropping in new elements to override others.


This route opens the door to building other connections, and establishing a practitioner family. Across the gameplay loop, you’ll move on to older stages of life as you enter new chapters (with the run so far potentially being one), raise new practitioners (picking from awakened family members when running a given Path), and do brief things in reality, such as council missions and writing books.


They may have the chance to save one or both companions, though with a sacrifice, as the Wolf implies. [CHOSEN]






%roll 5d18
[8] [2] [8] [11] [9] = 38




The LW has the initiative and chooses to play first:


[combat: LW plays Stab Chest, Troll Caltrop already there]




STAB CHEST
[grey-hit R, star R]


Inflicts Bleed 1 if unblocked




TROLL CALTROP
[hits D]


Little Bane
When drawn, place onto enemy grid. Deals 3 damage if a non-defensive card is placed over it. When this leaves your hand, draw.






%roll 2d15
[1] [4] = 5






[hand: Clumsy Bash (hits RL), Clumsy Bash (same), Wide Kick (hits DL), Fish Assist, Hardwood, block R, Wide Right (hits UR)]




FISH ASSIST
[shields RL, hits/skull D]


Deals least effective of visceral & immaterial (spirit) damage.  Recurs, with 16% chance of being boosted.




Hardwood:
(shields URDL)






[combat: we play block (shields R), Clumsy Bash, LW plays block (shields RL), High Slash (hits UR)]




[combat: we play Fish Assist, Clumsy Bash, LW plays block (shields UD), Stabbity Stab Stab]




STABBITY STAB STAB
[hits RR]


If this deals damage, it returns to attack pool, doing 2x the hits.






%roll d100 evasion
"evasion" [71] = 71




General walkthrough of combat round:  Stab Chest is blocked by an opposing card.


Clumsy Bash is blocked by block card.




Fish Assist blocks one of the two attacks from High Slash.  One damage is taken, not evaded.
Teak Vest & Pants activate.  Player heals 1 this round (damage is taken but restored) and next.  Pants don't do anything in this case.


Fish is blocked (and heal to full). 


Clumsy Bash delivers two hits, bringing Little Wolf to 7.


Stabby Stab Stab scores one hit, as one arrow is unopposed.




%roll 1d100
[87] = 87


%roll 1d6
[6] = 6




The player is at ❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤✖
LW at ❤❤❤❤❤❤❤✖✖


LW retains advantage and opts to play second next round.
%roll 7d15
[2] [3] [8] [14] [1] [13] [11] = 52




[hand: Wide Kick, Haymaker (hits RL), suits card, block (shields URDL), Wide Right, block (UD), Plant Feet)




Suits card


When you do something with a chance of failure (% or conditional), you may discard this card and draw a new hand. 




PLANT FEET: 
[shields DD]


If this blocks anything, trigger 'first hit each combat' abilities'.




[combat: we play Wide Kick, LW plays block (shields DL), Tripwire]




TRIPWIRE
Little Bane


[hits D, shields D]


Play in last valid position, not on final turn. If a low attack & low defense aren't played against this, the opponent is stunned.




%roll 2d9
[2] [7] = 9




[hand: Haymaker, Pisces Discourse, Overhead Bash, Clumsy Bash, block (shields D), block (shields RL), Rabbit Assist]




RABBIT ASSIST
[hits RR, shields U]


If any hits land and target has more health than you, stuns.






[combat: we play Plant Feet and Pisces Discourse]




Plant Feet blocks the tripwire.  Regen heals for 1 (no use), will heal 1 at end of your next play.
Fish card deals 3 (1 blocked by Tripwire)
Tripwire does not activate.  LW plays incoming.




[combat: LW plays stab (hits U, star U, inflicts Bleed I if unblocked) and kick (hits DL)]




Bleed will do 1 damage per card played until you skip a card play.
(it does not count for advantage)




[combat: we play Overhead Bash, Rabbit Assist]




The knife attack is blocked by the brick.
The brick strikes for three damage (down to one) and a wound.  The Little Wolf loses access to two of its best cards.
The Little Wolf is stunned and misses its next card play.
The rabbit rushes the Little Wolf to bring it down.












THE WOLF, B


The Little Wolf falls, bashed with a brick and a frontal attack with the rabbit.


“This was a last chance for the whelp. Something I rarely grant, and she squandered it.”


“Finish her,” the Wolf tells you. “You’ll regret it if you don’t, and so will she.”








19A 
Finish the Little Wolf, claim your trophies from the body.


19B 
Let the Little Wolf lie there unconscious.


Write-in: Tell the kids to look away, first, then Finish the Little Wolf. [CHOSEN]


THE WOLF, END OF THE TRAIL


“Look away, you two.”


You bring the brick down, a single blow that sees eyes unfocus, the mind disconnect from body, with the body reacting on a base level, jerking, letting out a groan of a breath. The second blow turns the lights off, so to speak.


The brutish man on the couch has a half-smile on his face that he puts away a second too late.


“You can put your weapon aside, kid,” the Wolf says, in his growl of a voice. “There are traditions even I uphold. The way this is usually done, you take the one kid who helped get you here out of the pure fuckin’ goodness of their heart and you give them to me. You get out of here, consequence free.”


He gets to his feet with a lurch. He approaches, chain at his neck shifting with a metal on metal sound. He approaches, axe in hand, and the rabbit keeps you in place, hands gripping you so you don’t retreat.


He picks up the cat skull, and takes the end of the scarf from your pocket. Casually, he throws the things down, so they sit at the halfway point between you and the couch.


On the television, the horse race has long since devolved into something hellish. The participants aren’t dying, they scream and struggle, howling pain as they thrash each other. The announcer makes frantic noises.


He sits down heavily, and, eyes moving over to the screen, gives his groin a scratch of questionable provenance, heel of his hand pushing in so he can dig in that much more, with ragged fingernails, scratch going on a bit too long.


“You get your choice, of axe, scarf, or skull, since all are right here. Each with a reward. Except you got greedy.”


“You have decisions to make,” he tells you. The things on the body lie unclaimed. “How much debt are you going to incur? What are you going to take? What gift? What loot?” Are you going to take those two?”






He smiles. “You can. I won’t stop you. It’s easy. Don’t use them to buy your way free of the consequence. You give yourself to me, and being as Innocent as you are, you’ll come out the other side functional. But hurt in a way you’ll carry. Maybe you become cruel. Maybe you become a victim. Maybe something physiological or mental is never right again, and you never sleep right, or see blood without running scared. You save a life, but you give me a piece of your life, in a big way. A way that carries forward.”


He leans back, looking amused. “Times two.”


The rabbit steps forward a bit, and the Wolf stops short of rolling his eyes, his expression disgusted.


“Times one and a half,” she says.


“I’m already not picking a fight because I don’t want to deal with you. Take that as your win. Quietly, now.”


“Times one and a half. Because she’s a dingaling, she only counts for half. I said it earlier so-”


“I played along, too. Didn’t even challenge it,” the fish adds. “Neither did Sinclair.”


“Shhh,” the rabbit shushes her.


“Enough. If I say yes, will you shut the fuck up. Take your victory, but I’ll decide the portion sizes when I take my one and a half,” the Wolf’s voice takes on more qualities of a growl as he talks to the Rabbit. “Take your prizes, make your decisions.”






20 A
Take the Axe. You’ll get a weapon, unwieldy but powerful. [CHOSEN]


20 B
Take the Woven Object. You’ll get the ability to freely return here, with reduced consequences, a single injury to pass the Wolf.


20 C
Take the Cat’s Skull to free two non-companion Lost from the Path.








21 A
Loot the body? It doesn’t look as though she has defensive gear, so you wouldn’t be stripping her, but she does have a knife and some Paths trash. [CHOSEN]


21 B
Leave the body alone.








22 A
Save both companions, but suffer time with the Wolf that leaves you damaged in a terrible way, once for the rabbit, half as terrible for the fish.


22 B
Save the rabbit, let the fish die. The rabbit’s life is bought with a terrible wound for you to carry. You’ll carry a piece of the fish with you.


22 C
Save the fish, let the rabbit die. The fish, being such a dingaling, as the rabbit argued, is only worth half, so the intensity is less. You’ll carry a piece of the rabbit with you, going forward.


22 D
Let both companions perish. Carry them in another way, moving forward. But what does it mean, to do this?


Write-in: In exchange for the terrible wound saving the rabbit would incur, make an offer to the Wolf. Paint a target on our backs, let Little Wolves pursue us through our life. Guys who aren't whelps. He's also greedy, isn't he, so why only this chance to hurt us? Save rabbit in return, and take the minor wound saving the fish would give. [CHOSEN]




“And give you the rabbit, who is handy at dealing with them at the same time? What other bargains will you offer? Setting your porch on fire, while leaving a fire extinguisher? No.”


He pauses. “For the fish’s consequence, an argument could be made.”


Write-in: "Fine. I'll pay the full price for the rabbit's freedom, but for the Fish's freedom you get to mark me, keep using me as a test and plaything for your pups." (On Q22. Suffer time with Wolf to pay for Rabbit, Suffer Pursuit to pay for Fish) [CHOSEN]


Post Trail I


Memories past that point get- your mind doesn’t want to even touch on the word fuzzy. Or darkness.


Things taken from the body. The companions looking aside. The look in their eyes a little bit different when they look back at you.


You chose the axe. You remember that much. But the Wolf handed you a… coin?


Then the Wolf came at you. The rabbit could do nothing, because you’d agreed to this.


Maybe scholars could study what happened, because it wasn’t physical, it wasn’t sexual, or psychological. Or it was, but to an extent it was so much all of those things, it was none of those things. It wasn’t even Wrong. It was Worse. Worse than even the act itself could conceive of, any examination of it was insufficient, revealing and bringing new dimensions of it into being.


You do recall a flash of awareness, where you envied the horses on the racetrack, even if they were going around that track for eternity.


If there is any mercy at all, it was that your mind cannot process it, and perhaps Innocence shielded you from details- and the traces of it will help form the wall that carries forward from this point. The Wolf has awakened you, as a patron might induct someone into the world of practice and Others, or a patron. You’re not his in the sense the Little Wolves are, but you have a sense that the ripples of this will extend… too far. Through the rest of your life and then some.






%roll 1d3 (Major, first roll)
"(Major, first roll)" [3] = 3


%roll 1d7
[1] = 1






FOSTERING
Major


Having been so vulnerable drives you to compulsively gather other needy and vulnerable souls to you. If your morale is tested or lowered when it is at 3 or lower, there'll be a roll to test you: a d4 to start, with die size increasing each time this is triggered. The number to beat is the current number of vulnerable souls in your flock. On a failure, magnify and/or manifest a total of three more traumas, get a game over if you have 7 or more at max.


Other traumas interact with this and may make you a danger or issue for your flock.
        


%roll 1d3 minor, first roll
"minor, first roll" [2] = 2


%roll 1d10
[2] = 2




UPSETTING
Minor


Tempers have a way of flaring around you. Those tempers aren't always directed at you, but you might get caught in crossfire. It might be spiritual, or connections tangling when they run across you. It might be more mundane, something in the way you hold yourself and frame situations by being in them.


Your closest relationships are exempt, such as life partners (if you get that far) and boon companions, but groups you associate with will see more broken friendships and spats, requiring more care and awareness.






You finished two combats this chapter, and draw 2+1 base combat cards.  You can choose two to combine into a silver level card.  (Make your own vote, please)




[cards: kick (hits D), block (shields L), block (shields R)




%roll 1d2
[1] = 1




[combo card (hits D, shields R)]






You’ve learned a new Lesser practice: Man in the Middle (Binding)


Prepared with a ritual in downtime, putting a circle onto your palm. Requires a unit of power and $50 in components. Is thereafter treated as a freely playable effect in combat.


A means of binding others, leashing them to a diagram you throw down onto the ground, then making the leash shorter until they’re caught in the center. Binding requires that you get the advantage in combat, and occurs in multiple stages, reducing the target’s hand size by 1 when cast, and each time one gets advantage. Loses ground when the Other gains advantage.


On 2 (Scrivening or Paths Others), 3 (other Others), or 4 (most humans & other threats) consecutive rounds where advantage is obtained, has double effect.


An Other with no ability to draw cards into hand is bound.




You’ve learned a new Lesser practice: Man in the Middle (Summoning)


Once a Paths or Scrivening Other is bound or consenting, they are added to your list of combat options. Deploying them takes you out of combat and puts the Other in. You may decide its plays. It will have 1 additional ❤️ if played this way.


Moving from the current node on the map puts them on cooldown, for 3-6 nodes. Bound Others not on cooldown can be used for other practices.


Enemies with the advantage have the option to scuff the diagram to unsummon the Other. If they do, you then act as if you had the advantage.






You’ve learned a new practice: Attribution


Bound & consenting Others and owned magic items can, if they are Paths or Scrivening field, be condensed down to aesthetic and symbology, and cast out to infect and alter a target. Every Other and item will have a set effect, some favoring targeting enemies with curse-like effects, others altering puzzles, some altering both. Most things will need to be put into use in the field before their function is worked out. (You’ll know their general application when you own them).


Tapping something for Attribution takes it out of play until you next finish a Path and return home.






You've learned a new Lesser practice: Expound


A counter practice. Use the natural ability of Scrivening Others and forces to scramble diagram work and confound reality.




EXPOUND
Can discard to draw a card. Lesser & least practices & powers have targets scrambled, pay costs again, or move to another slot, chosen at random. Spend power or tap a Paths/Scrivening resource to roll again, taking an unclaimed option.


Expound, Lesser Practice
Can discard to draw a card.
Lesser & Least practices & powers have targets scrambled, pay costs again, or move to another [open] slot, chosen at random. Spend power or tap a Paths/Scrivening resource to roll again, taking an unclaimed option.






You've learned a new Lesser practice: Ivory for an Eye


Once per chapter, you can get a preview of what changes would be under an Ivory (scrambling) effect.


Once per chapter, you can evoke an Ivory effect, scrambling unexplored Path nodes (keeping to the logic for how they’re decided), making all combatants discard and redraw their hands, refreshing shops, refreshing selections (ex. vending machine options), and so on. Active foes, puzzles, challenges, and anything on an explored node remain unaffected.


Either effect (previewing or forcing the effect), if exhausted, can be forced. This allows the effect to occur again, but costs 1 health and 1 morale. Overfrequent use may see Scrivening threats manifest on the Path.






You’ve learned a new Lesser practice: Fossick


When approaching puzzles and clue grids, you have an additional option, to tap Scrivening or Path Others, items, and resources to get a cryptic hint or unlock a grid space.


Certain types of Other or Paths resource have a special relationship to a given puzzle or clue grid. For Paths, these are often found on adjacent Paths.






You’ve learned a new least practice: Elementary Runes


You can perform a ritual and spend up to 3 power to create 3 elementary practice (spirit) cards. Cards are random and dependent on your locale, but if you’ve created an elemental card before, you can create it instead of rolling for a random one. They are combat options, separate from your hand of cards, and cost power to play. If you used an elemental rune in combat, they may appear as options when improving your combat options.




You’ve learned a new least practice: Blood Sacrifice


You can lose 1d3 health for 1 power, to employ practices as options.




(That's it for new practices here.  Some, like connection blocks, are implied but not strong enough at your current level to be useful vs. any threats you'd probably want to use them on.)






[DOWNTIME I]




Post Trail


The sun shines, and birds sing. Your companions sit by, giving you the time you need, guarding you in a way. You’re lying on a patch of grass a block and a half from home, covered in matted hair and blood, having to remind your body to breathe, to blink, as you pull yourself together.


Your Self is as fragile as a house of cards. It necessitates careful movement, careful thought.


Slowly, you ease your way to a sitting position, taking the fish’s help.


You have an apartment, you remember. It’s crap, a box of a room with a window and a space under the bed to store things, breakfast served in the morning, meals at night. Your Innocence is spent. You’ll need a rune on the door. With certain things made very clear to you on an instinctual level, you have an idea on how to put the runes to work. You’ll need one on the door, to avoid someone stealing their way in and taking the scattered notes and childhood writings you made, from when you tried to chronicle what your Lost friend tried to tell you, in the form of a book. It’s enough to get you started.


You have vague notes on destinations.


The Marching Orders, a general puzzle-based Path you’ll need to figure out the underlying logic for. It’s a parade area, with shops.


The Pound, a dueling Path, where tournaments are regularly held. The Lost you once knew spent a lot of time here- more than his home Path. When you were a child, you made up games, with the Pound as a starting point. Fight, ascend, or bet on fights and deal with other audience members.


The Bed and the Breakfast - It’s not like other Paths, and was spoken about with a kind of wariness and reverence. Low danger in the sense that you won’t be attacked, but dangerous in other ways. Once you go, it’ll shape your future explorations and choices heavily.


You can also return to the Forest Ribbon Trail, but the dangers remain steep- and may be steeper.


But before then… rest. Recovery. You’ll heal half your missing health and morale, to start, then it’s up to you. You could let it recover naturally and try to stay out of danger.








Some Sample Options for Downtime (you’ll likely pick 3)...


1.1a Research, studying a practice to get a sense of directions you could take it, or an item, to get a sense of how it works, if it’s not fully understood.


1.1b Ritual, performing a ritual you know (you know M.i.t.M. and Elementary Runes)


1.1c Shopping, go see what’s conventionally available.


1.1d Explore a location available to you. For right now, that’s this city.


1.1f Utilize Intelligence, writing up notes about the Forest Ribbon Trail and trying to get a streak going of stating new information, for its clue grid.


1.1g Rest and Recuperate, heal half your health and morale, or 3 of each, whichever is more.


1.1h Do two different options from among the following Half Actions to fill one of the three slots:


Basic First Aid - heal one heart.
Light Relaxation - heal one morale.
Light Socialization - Temperature check, observations & maintenance on a relationship.
Maintenance - Cleaning, checking wards & doing upkeep.
Keep Watch - Keep an eye out for trouble.
Skim Reading - Not available
Musings - Not available
Work - Earn some money.


To do/To Come:


Item cards & Little Wolf loot
Clues earned.
Assets, home base (the shitty apartment), & basic money.








Synopsis: You are currently employed at a cannery.  It is safe to assume it requires a fair amount of your time, such that your available downtime is stretched out over weeks.  You are earning enough to cover your costs, but not much more.  You may have to work extra shifts or earn from your practice somehow to get more money.


You have a room in a boarding house with a bed, a desk, and little space for more things.  They cover breakfast and dinner and you cover lunch out of your wages.


You have one asset out of roughly 5 spots.
 The Ribbon Glass sits by the window.  Its function is unknown; it may reveal itself or be revealed with research.
 Your herbs could sit in a pot, probably, if you bought one (25 cents).  If you’re in a position to find random crap, you can opt to find a pot for an herb, instead.
 You could fit in one more medium or small piece of furniture in the corner.


Your desk can be put to use for the following purposes:
 Reading - Get a smattering of regular reading progress on up to three books you have open & casually peruse.
 Bills - Awareness of your income stream helps cut costs and saves you $1-3 at regular intervals.
 Scribbling Pad - Regularly get a clue as you put down notes and connect dots.
 Clutter - Let things pile up on it.  Increase number of assets you can maintain.


Improving accommodations may exceed your income and give you a dollar amount to meet at set intervals, to stay situated.  If you stay at the cannery, you’ll eventually move to one of the corner rooms, which gives a bit more space.


You have no means of transportation besides your own two feet.  The boarding house has a phone in the lobby to use if you need it, but people will overhear.  


Your boon companions are comfortable fending for themselves but stick close enough to you that you can reach out to them when needed.  They will explore until told to do otherwise.


You have $8.  Doing an extra shift at work earns you 1d6+2 dollars.


It isn't updated above, but in the spell section of the game doc, the price for your ritual has been altered.






New items, five from the Little Wolf, one from the Lost you traded the coin to.


4
Fang of the Little Wolf
This piece of metal has a sharp but ragged edge and a sharp point. A ribbon wrapped around the base serves as a handle.


Use: Weapon, grants:
[Backhand Swipe]
[High Slash]
[Stab Chest]
[Stabby Stab Stab]


Reminds you of the Wolf.




0
Path Trash
This clump of trash doesn’t always look the same when examined from the top as from the side.


Use: Can pull it apart to get 0-3 random tier 0 Paths items. Brought back to a workshop or such, gives a clue, instead.
Cluster




1
Unsolvable Puzzle
A naturally occurring bit of Pathstuff. These wooden bits connect to one another in a way that looks like a puzzle, but didn’t grow to completion.


This has no direct use. This is also a resource, worth an unknown amount of money. It seems lore-based, and... something else?
Resource




1
Food Pouch
A small case that can be clipped to a belt. Turns your belt white.


Use: Equipped Trinket. While worn, if you would collect 2-4 tier one or zero items, you have a 50% chance to get 50-100% extra, and a 50% chance to get nothing except food consumable. Is destroyed if tapped for power.
Trinket




0
Lost Coin
This coin has a red background and is painted with a maiden holding a sheaf of wheat, both gray.


Use: Paths currency. Used for various purchases and low-stakes trades. There’s a weird economy tied to these things, making them useful to collect, apparently.
Trinket




1
Nine of Queens
Card: An impoverished Queen before a gathered group of 3 rats, 3 pigeons, and 3 urchins.


Use: Used on the Paths, function unknown. There’s a variety of cards out there, with an underlying logic, and apparently you can collect hands of cards to great effect. Good luck!
Card






%roll 1d2
[1] = 1


%roll 1d4 (tier 2 on a 4)
"(tier 2 on a 4)" [2] = 2






Downtime 1: Interlude


Work at the cannery isn’t pleasant, it’s loud and it’s merciless, and the bosses know that if anyone causes trouble, there’s many, many others who’ll take their place, but it’s work when so many are unemployed and in the past few years, there was talk about boiling shoes until the leather could be chewed on and eaten.


Maybe it’s good for you- removing yourself from yourself until the brain and spirit can heal. Maybe the same monotony and disassociation of the work were why you were able to step from reality to the Dreaming Reaches, or the Path, as the rabbit called it. A part of you thought you might recover and get straight back to work, but in this circumstance, so soon after the Wolf, it becomes clear that’s not reasonable to expect from oneself.


Were things any different, maybe you would’ve backed down and given up on the Paths altogether. It’s hard to say- you don’t know how you would have changed or what resolve you might have found, had you made different decisions. But as things stand, when you’re done your work, your two boon companions are there. Gentle, interesting souls who know you intimately, who want good things for you. When you’re working, they’re out there, exploring the city, interacting, or playing with other kids, never hanging around with one group of kids for so long that people wonder who they are or why they’re so weird. They keep the connection to the Paths alive.


Before then, though, for sanity and to fill the time, you’ll do everything you need to do, to make sure you’re square in every respect and that you know what you’re doing.










You’ll get a runthrough of the different downtime actions available to you before your next Path.


When you Explore you’ll have your runthrough of the city. There’ll be a few brief encounters, some meaningful, others mundane, you may learn of new locations, and you can stop in at a location you know. The pair have already mentioned they found an Old Bookstore, a Fairy Nest by the water, and a Crooked Bar owned by people who aren’t quite human. They also mention that they spent too long playing in a field with some kids after some parents asked questions, and some people showed up, who had some basic practice. You may be able to follow that thread back to The Council, fifty percent chance, but maybe it’s better to wait- you’ll inevitably connect one way or another, without the legwork.


Exploration will emphasize spending time somewhere, building relationships. Hanging out at one place a lot may open up options or give special events and encounters. You can buy something at the bookstore on your way out, but the idea here wouldn’t be a big shopping trip, instead figuring out what’s there on back shelves.


Shopping means visiting stores and getting a selection of things to buy. There’s a general store, with supplies and tools, some things that could be improvised as weapons, ropes, and other mundane essentials, as well as the aforementioned bookstore. There’s also a tailor’s, that sells mundane clothing.






With Ritual you can enact a practice to get something underway. You know the Man in the Middle practice, to prepare a binding circle you can throw down to try to ensnare an Other. You could also prepare some elementary runes on paper. You have the one power source, usable once this downtime, and you’ll need more power to use the rune papers, but it’s a very powerful combat option.


With Research you can dig more into something you own, to unravel its mysteries. For now, it may be best to work out an item you own that’s incomplete. You don’t know what your herbs do, the Ribbon Glass is a bit of a mystery, you got the unsolvable puzzle from looting the Little Wolf and you don’t know what it might be useful for, if not making something relating to the Paths. (You also have the Nine of Queens, but you’re pretty sure the only way to find out what it does is to either chance upon some writing about the subject of cards, or try using it. Research won’t help here).


There’s also Utilize Intel, where you’ll sort out the clues and details you’ve found and then try putting down some details about the Forest Ribbon Trail. If you chance upon another mystery before you get around to this, you could turn your focus to that instead.


You’ll have a bit of free time along the way, and should choose between two different actions from this list: A touch of first aid to heal one, seeking out entertainment to restore one morale, checking in with one of the two companions for a social moment to get a temperature check on how you’re doing, mutually, and a brief interaction, some cleaning and maintenance, which also serves to double check your space and secure against weirdness or thieves, or taking an extra shift at work to make a bit of money.


You’ll do all of these things before setting off, just this once. A few things here might open doors for other entries.




At the close of it all, you’ll rest. Resting and recuperating will heal half of what’s lost, or 3, whichever is more. As things stand, you’ve already recovered some:


♥♥♥♥♥♥XXXX
++++++XXXX


You have $8. You have seven slots, just this once, consequence free, but in the future, you’ll have to decide between the various options and select three, or four if you find less pressing work.






Downtime 1: Interlude, Part B


You squeeze in a bit of extra work, so money’s not going to be a background concern, and when you get out, the rabbit is there to hang out.


Seeing how people are doing here, including people who aren’t you has given her some idea of what’s going on, and why it might be more important to get more when the opportunity arises. She’s spent time with kids who don’t eat some days, and seen people who haven’t dealt with hard times well.about 


It’s in her nature to find ways to challenge the monsters out there, and for her, it’s going to be very important that you deal with the bad guys and other big threats. It’s in her skillset, she can lend some additional help when you’re up against the worst of them, even if they aren’t Wolves, and she may have another special ability that neither you nor she have gotten to grips yet.


But either way, some honest talk means you’re able to mend what’s broken and if you want, you can raise topics or give instructions when out exploring, again. Since there’s less need to get to know each other, you can tell her to do things like keep an eye out for loot (she jokes her aforementioned realization), keep an eye out for trouble, or give basic observations on puzzles and Paths.


If you want, you can give her other instructions for what she’s doing when you’re off Path. For right now she’s kind of exploring.


In the meantime, she shows you a jabbing stick she was thinking about using on some bullies, if you want it.




0
Jabbing Stick
A strong branch with a sharpened tip. It makes a fair makeshift weapon.


Use: Held weapon. Gives:
[Jab]
[Thrust]
[Sweep]
Though not the best weapon around, it has reach, making it a fair defensive consideration.








Which Downtime Action will you do second?


1.1a Explore a location available to you. For right now, that’s this city.


1.1b Shopping, go see what’s conventionally available.


1.1c Ritual, performing a ritual you know (you know M.i.t.M. and Elementary Runes)


1.1d Research, studying a practice to get a sense of directions you could take it, or an item, to get a sense of how it works, if it’s not fully understood.


1.1e Utilize Intelligence, writing up notes about the Forest Ribbon Trail or another mystery you’ve found, and trying to get a streak going of stating new information, for its clue grid.






Downtime 1: Interlude, Part C


“I’m not picky, the rabbit says, when asked for a name. She’ll keep the stick and keep an eye out for trouble, interesting places, and other items.


You put in the time to figure out the ribbon glass, which casts your room in dappled light, shadows of ribbons and branches moving across the light. Using your Sight to peer into the spirit world and see the connections at play, you notice it works with plants. It seems suited for greenhouses, and might once have been a part of a Lost greenhouse.


Talking about this with the two companions, the fish remarks that it’s odd that it works like that. Why ribbons and not more branches? Why, if you look at it through the lens of the Attribute practice, would it cast out ribbons and not Nature, like your vest, shirt, or trousers?


There must be a secret to it, she says, firmly, and it’s just faded from its former glory. If you pushed power into it, it might flourish, rising in value and filling its function, but it might also break... maybe a 50% chance of either.




2
Ribbon Glass
The end of a large telescope, broken under its old owner’s body. When light shines through it, even if nothing lies between the light and the glass, there are shadows of ribbons.


Asset, sits near a window.
Accelerates herb growth in room.
Overgrown herbs may (16%) become clusters. Messy spaces quickly accumulate nonmagic, ordinary plant/mold growth (trash).


Puzzle: Add [Ribbon], Any.






Which Downtime Action will you do second?


1.1a Explore a location available to you. For right now, that’s this city.


1.1b Shopping, go see what’s conventionally available.


1.1c Ritual, performing a ritual you know (you know M.i.t.M. and Elementary Runes)


1.1d Utilize Intelligence, writing up notes about the Forest Ribbon Trail or another mystery you’ve found, and trying to get a streak going of stating new information, for its clue grid.




%roll 3d42
[3] [13] [40] = 56




Downtime 1: Interlude, Part D


Use of symbology to bind something. Many practices use ‘argumentative’ symbols to connect to something, that connection forming a bridge to a distant realm, or a distant entity you wish to bring to you. But connections can be chains, too, and supports. Especially effective with those things that are open to interpretation, such as Lost, and those things which have symbols at their heart, such as Scrivening Others.


Symbols put down with certain inks on certain surfaces, may too stubborn on a page to rub away. Others, different components, run from their places on the material. A book written in this fashion may have the words or their meaning spill from the page. The right words may well hold their form, if formed by the Wise. Burn the right common herbs and offerings to draw in spirits, collect the smoke, and turn that into ink of the right consistency, sufficient to stay on your hand, where you pen it down, but slippery enough to be cast out with a sudden movement.


All put together, common use arguments, solid enough they hold their shape, tied to a diagram, ready to be cast out.


You have the Man in the Middle practice ready. It can be used at any time you could act in combat, without needing to be drawn. It stuns opponents of your rough strength and below, and puts the ritual effect into play, as described in the practice notes, gradually limiting an opponent’s actions.






Which Downtime Action will you do second?


1.1a Explore a location available to you. For right now, that’s this city.


1.1b Shopping, go see what’s conventionally available.


1.1c Utilize Intelligence, writing up notes about the Forest Ribbon Trail or another mystery you’ve found, and trying to get a streak going of stating new information, for its clue grid.






%roll 1d8
[4] = 4


%roll 1d24
[1] = 1


%roll 1d6+2
[1] + 2 = 3






Downtime 1: Interlude, Part E


Touring the city, your boon companions nearby but not clinging to you, you take the long ways to a bookstore the fish mentioned.


The bookstore isn’t that far from a nicer part of town, and as part of that, there’s a stretch of well-tended park where students gather, dressed in snappy clothing, some talking over their class work while sitting on blankets on the grass. You strike up a conversation with Parker, a physics student in crisp, pleated clothes, with a long coat. They’re headstrong and forward, especially about the idea of women in academia, and about the fact they’re interested in you. You have your reference materials with you, including the things you wrote up while with your Other friend, long ago, and while they seem initially put off or surprised you have things so childish, they listen to your retellings of Dreaming Reaches with interest and muse that you might’ve indirectly helped them figure something out with a project, likening it to the experience of a scholar you don’t know of.


They float the idea of going out at a later date, leaving it up to you to decide where to go.


Parker is a contact. Different contacts offer different things. Some are simple, and require something minor to lock in the relationship. Others are more complex, and love is the most complex and volatile of all… and very rewarding, in a meta sense.


If you don’t follow up in the next one or two sets of Downtime, Parker will move on, but if you do, you’ll want to figure them out, pick good places or good gifts, and get things in return. Growing as a person, gaining skills and status, especially in certain directions for certain people’s tastes, is huge.


On a greater level, the person you pick shapes what you get in return, and has a big influence on who your children, if you get that far, turn out to be. If nothing else, having a long-term relationship is a huge part of one’s social status and opens doors. Foregoing such leaves you a bit more time.




TEXT


NEWSPAPER


HAVE: ☐


DESCRIPTION: A short and easy read. Tells you of current events and opportunities. Expires at the end of the downtime after the one it is purchased.


TABLE OF CONTENTS


☐ ☐ ☐ Randomly gives a job opportunity, additional encounters for next exploration, reveals options for exploration, gives a chance to purchase a room/building, or grants mundane clues. Get one mundane clue.


☐ ☐ ☐ As above, but an option that wasn’t selected, get 1d3 mundane clues.




TEXT


DIME STORE NOVELS


HAVE: ☐


DESCRIPTION: A short and easy read, entertaining pop fiction. Can be bought multiple times, there’s always a handful to read.


TABLE OF CONTENTS


☐ ☐ ☐ Restore a point of morale and get a very random clue.




TEXT


MAGAZINE


HAVE: ☐


DESCRIPTION: A short and easy perusal. Has a selection of higher-end goods for sale.


TABLE OF CONTENTS


☐ ☐ ☐ You can order one of three items here, revealed after purchase.




TEXT


WILDERNESS HANDBOOK


HAVE: ☐


DESCRIPTION: A book for survivalists, detailing survival, ways to stay warm, ways to stay cool, what to eat and what not to eat, and foods that are easy to preserve and carry with. A lot of things that are handy to know.


TABLE OF CONTENTS


☐ ☐ ☐ ☐ ☐ Get a mundane clue and a nature clue, then identify a herb. If you have no herbs, identify the next herb found.


☐ ☐ ☐ ☐ ☐ Background: Basic Survival - A 50% chance to identify the loose use of herbs (beneficial, negative). Get +1 supply on long expeditions.


☐ ☐ ☐ ☐ ☐ Get a mundane clue and a nature clue, then identify a herb. If you have no herbs, identify the next herb found.


☐ ☐ ☐ ☐ ☐ Skill - Foraging - Gain the Foraging skill. Applies to cases when you’d roll to see how many resources you get- be it food, paths trash, coins found in drawers, etc. You’ll roll twice and take the better result. There are two other books that upgrade this.




TEXT


MOM'S GUIDE TO SCUFFED KNEES / FIELD MEDIC'S GUIDE


HAVE: ☐


DESCRIPTION: Two books with slight tonal differences, but much the same content, one aimed at women, the other at men. Covers the essentials of wound care, illnesses, first aid, and what sort of things require one to go to the doctor, and what can be taken care of at home.


TABLE OF CONTENTS


☐ ☐ ☐ ☐ ☐ Get a Protection clue.


Background: Medicine I - When you heal more than one heart, heal an additional heart. When rolling to see how much you heal, roll twice and take the better result.


☐ ☐ ☐ ☐ ☐ Get a Protection clue and a visceral clue.


Skill - Medicine II - When you heal more than one heart, heal an additional heart. When rolling to see how much you heal, roll twice and take the better result. Once per exploration, when deciding where to navigate, you can heal a heart or end a condition.






TEXT


NAKED AND OILED


HAVE: ☐


DESCRIPTION: A text detailing the history of wrestling, with step by step illustrations of moves and techniques. It looks like the sort of thing favored by athletes studying the sport... or people interested in the pictures of men wrestling men, some naked and some wearing very small briefs, which appear in black and white in the middle section.


TABLE OF CONTENTS


☐ ☐ ☐ ☐ ☐ Get a visceral clue.


☐ ☐ ☐ ☐ ☐ Get a visceral clue and train your starting attacks.


☐ ☐ ☐ ☐ ☐ Swap out any attack for [Throw], a hard to employ finisher.


Locked- Must employ 3x [Throw]s in combat to progress further.


☐ ☐ ☐ ☐ ☐ Skill - Grappling - Improves grappling and throwing combat moves that don’t involve chance. When employing grappling and throwing moves that do employ chance, roll/flip twice and take the better result.






TEXT


I SPY


HAVE: ☐


DESCRIPTION: ‘A book for young rogues’, a collection of stories about spies, history, techniques, and differences around the world, aimed at young adolescents. Covers some tools and techniques in questionable depth.


TABLE OF CONTENTS


☐ ☐ ☐ ☐ ☐ Get an Interaction clue.


☐ ☐ ☐ ☐ ☐ Get a better Interaction clue.


Skill - Sneaking - Provides some opportunities to avoid combat encounters or obtain loot. When eluding a threat is chance based, roll twice and take the better result.


50% chance to get...
Regain one morale and three Interaction clues.






TEXT


SELF DEFENSE MANUAL


HAVE: ☐


DESCRIPTION: One of a series of books commissioned by the military during the war, detailing defense against someone wielding a knife, priorities in a fistfight, and physical conditioning. Was likely distributed for a short while before being aborted, got stuck in a warehouse somewhere, and someone figured it was better to stick in a bookstore than a trash heap.


TABLE OF CONTENTS


☐ ☐ ☐ ☐ ☐ Get a Combat clue.


☐ ☐ ☐ ☐ ☐ Get a Combat clue and a Protection clue.


☐ ☐ ☐ ☐ ☐ Draw three defensive skills and combine two. You’re more likely to draw low tier ones.


☐ ☐ ☐ ☐ ☐ Skill - Endurance - Gain one maximum ♥. When training your skills, draw one additional defensive one as a possible one to improve.






TEXT


ADVANCED EDUCATION


HAVE: ☐


DESCRIPTION: A book about post-high school languages and maths skills, history, geography, philosophy and psychology. It’s a lot but pays off down the road. Once you finish you go for one of the regularly appointed exams to get tested on what you’ve studied, getting a piece of paper. It’s not quite going to University, but it’s something.


TABLE OF CONTENTS


☐ ☐ ☐ ☐ ☐ Get a mundane clue and lose 1 morale.


☐ ☐ ☐ ☐ ☐ Get a mundane clue and you burn out, you can’t achieve more reading progress until after the end of your next downtime.




Locked - Must pay $5 for the next set of texts to progress past this point


☐ ☐ ☐ ☐ ☐ Get a mundane clue and lose 1 morale.


☐ ☐ ☐ ☐ ☐ Get a mundane clue, lose 1 morale and burn out; you can’t achieve more reading progress until after the end of your next downtime.


Background - Education II - When you would earn pay, or earn from selling your writing or something you created, increase the hundreds column to the next multiple of two, the tens column to the next multiple of 3, and the ones column to the next multiple of five.






What do you purchase?


1.2a Newspaper (Can purchase without ending turn) 5¢


1.2b Dime Store Novel (Can purchase without ending turn) 10¢


1.2c Magazine (Can purchase without ending turn) 15¢


1.2d Wilderness Handbook $4


1.2e Medic’s Guide $4


1.2f Naked and Oiled $3


1.2g I Spy $3


1.2h Self Defense Manual $2


1.2i Advanced Education $5






You have $4.60 remaining, after your purchase of the newspaper, dime store novel, and the Wilderness Handbook. You should decide which of them are sitting on your desk or not.


The days are drawing to a close. You should decide where you’ll go and what you’ll do to wrap things up before you return to the Paths.


If you decide to shop, specify what sorts of things you’re looking for.






Downtime 1: Interlude, Part F


Two mysteries lie before you. You’ve heard about how the Forest Ribbon Trail has hidden depths, and it has nuances you do not yet understand. It’s big, complex, and haunting, and according to what you’ve been told, it’s valuable information, as many people who explore the same reaches you do start from the Forest Ribbon Trail and would pay or trade if you could figure out something meaningful.


The other mystery is smaller, but meaningful in a different way- your old friend gave you so much, and you don’t know enough about them. Figuring them out could help you figure out the mark that travels across your body, that seems to respond to your fortunes, making you a tiny bit Other, enough you could cross to a Path without ritual or outside aid, if the conditions are right.


You have some clues available to you. These are a representation of the half-finished thoughts, ideas, and inspiration that come from your experiences, readings, and discoveries. They can take a variety of shapes, which constrains things to a topic. The Forest Ribbon Trail is represented by Wolf clues and Ribbon clues, while the friend is represented by Spades clues and Hearts clues. Clues fall in ranges from tiers 1 through 4, with 1 being very basic and 4s being the sorts of ideas and inspiration tied to the highest level secrets and mysteries.


These often overlap with related topics. If you were in a position to investigate the Little Wolves, the Wolf clues would come up again. Similarly, if you found Paths your companion called home, the Hearts or Spades clues of that Path might overlap with your companion.


[Ribbon IV clue] [Wolf IV clue] [Spades IV clue] [Hearts IV clue]






Each clue type has a parent category, usually the field of practice they fall under. For a lot of what comes up in Path Quest, that’ll be a Paths clue.


[Paths III clue]


And these are clues you can use for anything Paths related, in place of any of the above, of equal tier.


Collecting these, you can get certain combinations to compose writing for sale, create backgrounds for passive bonuses, unlock research, or work with clue grids, of which you have two, for the two big mysteries before you,...






[THE FOREST RIBBON TRAIL]






[AN OLD FRIEND]












Each row or column is headed with a topic. For the Forest Ribbon Trail (and most other Paths), these are…


Navigation - How you get from A to B, tricks and shortcuts.
Hazards - Dangers and threats, ways of dealing with them.
Connectivity - Ties to other Paths, entering, exit.
Conceits - The things about a Path that are locked in, unchanging from visit to visit.
Controls - How you interact with the Path, key items, mechanisms, puzzles.
Others - The occupants
Secrets - Hidden details and small things, underlying mysteries.
Curiosities - The things that shuffle, aesthetically or in terms of rewards
For your friend, these are:


Patterns - Habits and tendencies, ways you might predict them.
History - Their lore, background, the distant details.
Relationships - Who they knew and know, associations, family, friends, enemies
Secrets - Hidden details and small things, underlying mysteries.
Details - The little private things, idiosyncrasies, ways you might further identify them.






You have options here.


If you think you know a detail that isn’t opened up on the grid, that’s beyond the most basic information about the location, you can nominate that detail. Have you kept track of secrets and revelations? If you name something pertinent, it may make a spot on the grid cheaper or unlock it entirely (you can also guess, but there may be penalties if you’re wrong). Doing this earns you a clue, tied to the space it unlocked.


You can also choose a spot to roll. It’ll be a d6, and you’ll need the number noted on that space. For now, you can only roll in the top left, bottom right, or spots above, below, left, or right of spaces you’ve unlocked. You can roll three times, but if you fail a roll, you’re stumped, you stop.


You can also spend clues. The required clues are listed in the space.


Finally, you have the Fossick practice. Some resources, items and Others have an Attribution (listed below the item or in the description of the Other) that relates to a clue. If you target a space with a matching clue, you can unlock it, but you drain that magic item, Other, or resource. The items and Others will take time to recover (½ the # in the bottom right of the clue space; 4+ = 2 Paths, 5+ = 2-3 paths, etc.), and resources will be spent entirely.








From running three lengths of the Forest Ribbon Trail, you generate the following clues…


[Wolf I clue] [Wolf I clue] [Paths I clue] [Ribbon II clue] 


For defeating the Little Wolf, you get….


[Wolf I clue] [Rapacious II clue] 


With the latter being *rapacious*, relating to those practices that take, steal, or prey on Innocents. Finally, from cracking open the Paths Trash, you get…


[Paths II clue] 






1.3a Name something you know, to try to unlock a space.


1.3b Spend the required clues for a space (name the intersection)


1.3c Use the Fossick practice to target a space with an item that relates to it (name the resource to be spent, or the item/Other to be drained)


1.3d Make rolls for named space(s). When rolls fail or are spent, you’re stumped and finish here.






AN OLD FRIEND


Patterns x Relationships


He spent more time at the Pound and other Paths than at home, with lots of people he knew and befriended. Maybe some are still around?


You get a clue!






AN OLD FRIEND


He was marked by card suits, even clothes we lent to him took this on.


Hmm… A little too basic to get us anywhere, but it’ll discount something in the Details column.






THE FOREST RIBBON TRAIL


The Fish told us about secrets hidden ‘beneath the surface’ of the FRT, that may arise if traveled again (on top of rules relaxing) - which is much easier with the Woven Object boon. Doors to other Paths, items like Red’s Rags, potential to garden if the Wolf’s ire could be avoided.


This is a lead, not an answer. It’s a start on the [Secrets x Connectivity] spot, reducing it’s cost.






THE FOREST RIBBON TRAIL


Secrets x Connectivity


You saw a glimpse of things that lay beyond the Wolf. The fish mentioned that repeat visits to the FRT could let you access things that were beneath the surface. Using other secrets and repeated visits, you could get access to doors to other Paths that lead back to the Forest Ribbon Trail… accessing those places that are currently out of reach.


O: this is a piece of something deeper. Unlocking spaces to the right, below and diagonally right can access deeper layers of this puzzle.








AN OLD FRIEND


History x Relationships


Some of the same names recurred in his stories. He was a bit of a scoundrel, who associated with other roguish types, with one notable event that was a heist-level scheme to get their hands on a Gold Crusted Heart Pie.




Relationships Cleared


You’ve remembered some names and details. Threespades, who appears on various gambling related, card related, and farming Paths, the unfortunate Master of Arms, who favors gambling and fighting Paths, and the Thief of Hearts, a fair maiden they all loved, who is harder to find. There’s a trick to finding them: you have to visit multiple places they might appear, to chase the thread. 


Bringing up your old friend gets you a discount for trades and negotiations to bring his old crew on board, and a warning when you run into his enemies.














The Wolf does an unspeakably Wrong thing to those who exit the Path, if they do not buy their way out with the life of their companion(s). Suffering this and remembering it, even partly mitigated by Innocence, can Awaken a person.


This is, you realize (after some discussion with your friends), a thing that most very powerful Others can do, bringing people into the ranks of the Wise, one way or another. It’s not overly notable, except to suggest that the Wolf has power of a tier similar to gods. You get a discount on Others x Conceits.






THE FOREST RIBBON TRAIL




Secrets x Navigation


The cat’s skull requires you to turn around. Some things previously seen on the Path might be different when you do. Most wouldn’t notice. 
O: This is a piece of something deeper.








It’s symbols all the way down. The knife is too unpleasant to carry with you, it wouldn’t necessarily cause you to plummet into depression, but it would make climbing out of the depths harder, with the constant reminder, or tip the scales when there’s only a chance of morale loss. Better to use a diagram to reduce it to constituent symbols, and then arrange them amid your notes, to see where things lie and resonate.


It’s not the most powerful magic item, and you’re drilling into a difficult secret. You find yourself on the cusp of unraveling this, but not quite there.






The Ribbon Glass is broken down into red ribbons, which narrow down into red strings that help to connect dots. As before, it’s a minor item, not quite up to the task before it. It, at least, will be faster to reconstitute and recharge.




THE FOREST RIBBON TRAIL


Secrets x Hazards


Repeated visits to the trail, even if you’re taking exits that aren’t the Wolf, will bring the Wolf closer, reducing the bar before it can start interfering or coming after you, depending on the item.
O: This is a piece of something deeper.






THE FOREST RIBBON TRAIL


Secrets x Conceits


Practice and Sight suggest there are three sections to two more lengths of the Trail. One where the Wolf will evoke your sympathy, that will grow until you’re ready for them to devour you by the end of the third length. 
O: This is a piece of something deeper.


Secrets Cleared


Following discussions with the rabbit and clues from the fossicking, it makes the most sense The Forest Ribbon Trail is tied to the tale of Red Riding Hood, but the tale that is known is a misdirect, perhaps one engineered by the Wolf- the real ending might have been quite different. The core conceit remains the same, however. A naive girl, a Wolf, and she was a girl no longer, her childhood a thing of memory. Some deeper puzzles may reference this.
You need to see something or figure something out before you know what this even helps with.






AN OLD FRIEND


History x Details


He ended up leaving the Paths to escape someone after getting into a little too much trouble, partially by accident. He spent a long time stuck and withering away, looking for ways to reach his old friends. Befriending a child and preparing them for the task was one such way, but he misjudged how time passes here, and never quite got there.






Which Downtime action will you do next?
1.1a Reading something you own.
1.1b Shopping, name some things you want to buy and go shopping for them.






Downtime 1: Interlude, Part G


Reading means rolling a 1d6 and then adding a score depending on your expertise. You currently have a specialty in Paths and Scrivening, which grant +2 to rolls for those texts.


Newspapers are more mundane, but they’re an easy read.


Perusing the paper, you find a new location in the city. There’s writing of a Spirit Speaker, essentially a fortune teller and masseuse, who can help people recover from their traumas, albeit at a steep cost of money ($10), specific resources needed (unstated) and time. She’ll also do simple readings, but the example given suggests that’s not true practice. She’s apparently being harassed by the more religious members of the community, who think she’s heretical. She strikes a strong tone in the article, evident despite the journalist’s bias in this case.


You’d need to make an initial appointment with her to find out the particulars and the needed ingredients, then devote a downtime slot to the recovery. This could reduce Fostering to minor tier or remove Upsetting.


Reading the Newspaper gives you a mundane clue.


[Mundane II clue]


What do you wish to shop for? Where do you want to go?
(Top 3 votes will get presented, with prices if the item is reasonably obtainable)


1.4✭ Name something and give it a number.


You have $4.60






(All tier 0:)


Shrouded Candle - $1
A sturdy candle with a metal holder that guards it against the wind. The metal is reflective, to help focus the light in one direction.
Use: See in the dark, signal. Comes with matches.


Coarse Rope - $1
The coarseness helps knots to hold but leaves hands raw after too much use.
Use: Bypasses the occasional obstacle, get from high places to low or vice-versa, sometimes.


Short Hammer - $2
Small, to conserve materials, but remains a hammer, too short to use as a weapon.
Use: Allows some field repair and dismantling of barriers. 50% to break after any major job.


Mirror, Steel - $2
A small mirror, made of burnished steel that won't easily break.
Use: Gives a +1 to any roll to do with sneaking or seeing, once per expedition.


Writing Kit - $2
A very simple fountain pen, ink reservoir, and paper, in a portable rectangular case.
Use: Improve the clues gained from a single encounter or puzzle, in quantity and quality.


Belts & Straps - $2
Belts and straps meant to be attached to one another. Easily fashioned into a way to hold awkward things.
Use: Slotted weapon is drawn if default weapon is discarded.


Chalk & Slate - $2
For tools and quick writing and rewriting, chalk and a washable slate.
Use: Can arrange and perform some cost-less rituals out in the field.


Bag, Supply - $3
It’s not a pretty bag, but it comes pre-packed with blankets and nonperishable supplies.
Use: Extends inventory allowance by 3 and grants +1 supply. After expedition, 50% to be destroyed or become a backpack.


Bag, Backpack - $3
A standard bag, made of the leather scraps left over from other goods. Coarse straps help connect the panels.
Use: Extends inventory allowance by 4.






Medical Tin - $3
Simple bandages and antiseptic for an emergency situation, in a metal tin.
Use: Heals 1 ♥, sometimes 2 ♥, and rarely 3 ♥ on use. Single use, out in the field.


Worker’s Boots - $3
Uncomfortable for long walks but thick soled to protect the feet. Needs to be broken in.
Use: Defensive wear. Lower slot only. Protects against some ground hazards, gives: [Stumble]


Tailor’s Tools - $4
The tools required for basic upkeep and creation of clothing.
Use: Required for creation of many worn items and accessories. Takes up space. Doesn’t come with the crafting recipes.


Smith’s Bits - $4
The tools required for basic metal adjustment and cutting.
Use: Required for simple metalwork (not blacksmithing). Takes up space. Doesn’t come with the crafting recipes.


Carpenter’s Tools - $4
The tools required for basic carving and carpentry.
Use: Required for crafting things making use of wood. Takes up a bit of space. Doesn’t come with the crafting recipes.


Leather Jacket - $5
Features a zipper, has stiff waxed leather that’ll mold to the wearer.
Use: Defensive wear. Armor and wear-based qualities, for passive effects. Grants: [Shrug Off]






1.5a - Shrouded Candle - $1
1.5b - Coarse Rope - $1
1.5c - Short Hammer - $2
1.5d - Mirror, Steel - $2
1.5e - Writing Kit - $2
1.5f - Belt & Straps - $2
1.5g - Chalk & Slate - $2
1.5h - Bag, Supply - $3
1.5i - Bag, Backpack - $3
1.5j - Medical Tin - $3
1.5k - Worker’s Boots - $3
1.5l - Carpenter’s Tools - $4
1.5m - Tailor’s Tools - $4
1.5n - Smith’s Bits - $4
1.5o - Leather Jacket - $5






1.5p - Pot, grow a single plant over time.  15 cents.






Downtime 1: Interlude, end


Bag, rope, and pots brought back, your space a little more cluttered, a bit of soil placed in the pot so your Paths herb can grow in the window, you settle down to rest, perusing your books and resting. A quiet Sunday lies before you, before your next shift.


♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥X
+++++++++X


With your desk devoted to reading, you get some more reading done. You finish the Newspaper, and there’s a market event coming up down the road. Something for after your next Path - when you next Explore, you can swing by, and there’ll be more going on. Finishing with the newspaper gives you some more clues about what’s going on in the city.


[Mundane I clue] [Mundane II clue]


You also make a bit of progress on your dimestore novel, which features some kids at school realizing a mystery’s afoot with the other students, nearly finishing it, and start on the Wilderness Handbook.


Everything’s squared away, no procrastination to be done. The boon companions are ready to go with you. It’s just a question of equipment, now, and destination.








You can bring up to 12 items with you. What do you bring?
(Items you bring take up inventory, limiting what you may be able to take out.)
1.7★ Name what you're bringing with.


What do you equip? Armor and default weapon?
1.8★ Name what you're bringing with.


Which Path will you go to?
* See & contribute to the linked poll






[POUND, 1ST VISIT]




Entering The Pound


The crowd roars as you enter with the boon companions on either side. Others, a share of them dog related, turn their attention, interested, at the new arrival, who steps through the doors and stands a few paces back from a great stone gate.


The aesthetic is that of a castle, partially built, with a sort of makeshift colosseum built into the open areas, with the scaffolding and walltops modified to be stands from which people can watch from above. The gate is framed by two statues of dogs. Before you, a single ring, with contenders sitting at the base of the wall, away from the center. Paths extend to your left and right, while the way into that center ring is right in front of you. A very loud Lost with a dog’s head occupying the space where head and chest would be, armored arms and legs on either side and below, armored tail behind, is doing some of the announcing. He’s accompanied by a female commentator- or commentators? It’s hard to say. The woman is broken up into countless vertical slices that sit all around the stadium, and when she speaks, a voice comes out at normal speaking volume from each of them, with a chorus-like effect and the natural echo of the space. Further head, off to the side and a little higher up, is another ring, apparently, with guards blocking access and a gate separating it from this ring, and even higher than that is a final ring, set in the partially built castle.


The noise is constant, with commentators talking about past matches, doing crowd work, and the crowd being noisy and taking it on themselves to cheer for people when the announcers aren’t talking.


To your right are Others in the stands (A), a betting office (C), and a place to watch the fights from, when you’re prepared to wait for the next match. To your right is a kiosk (B), a shop (D), and a group of people who might be people who previously participated who are now taking a break (F). One of them looks to be a practitioner, and after giving you a wary look, raises a hand in greeting.


And of course, the way forward, if you decide you’re interested in entering the seemingly eternal tournament.








What's your first decision in The Pound?


2.A Go to the Others in the general audience.
2.B Go by the Kiosk
2.X Enter the arena.
Use Ivory for an Eye (Preview)
Use Ivory for an Eye (Shuffle)
Use Attribution, targeting Ring One.






“Welcome, welcome!” the Lost at the kiosk greets you, as you approach. “People have taken to calling our little setup here The Pound. Arena combat, excitement, gambling, good times! It’s your first time, it seems! So here, customary bit of coin to get you started… be sure to spend it before you go, or people might be cross with you, haha! Betting is preferred, but the gift shop will do.”


He slaps down a handful of Lost Coins.


“Paths that require coin usually give you coin, I think,” the fish said. “It makes more sense than the world you come from.”


A person on the wall above drops something, and it hits the back of your hand as you scoop the coins off the counter. The coins disappear into the grass, and you only barely manage to catch the bag.


“But bull hooey like that is universal,” the rabbit adds, dryly.


The kiosk vendor smiles. “Enjoy the Arena. Good luck if you decide to fight. This is the beginner arena. I’ve seen twelve year olds from your world come and fight, and do just fine.”


Bread and Citruses
A bread with an orange-yellow tint and a sweet, fruity taste, pulled apart in chunks.


Use: Get 1d3 supply. Flaws, emotional effects, and mind-affecting curses don’t bother you for a short time after eating.


Trinket






SUPPLY


Your stomach rumbles, and you realize that, contrary to your experience with the Forest Ribbon Trail, human needs persist, here. Maybe because you’ve Awakened? You might end up having to give more thought to what you bring with you, or finding ways to sustain yourself on the way. The Food Pouch might help with that. Surely as you get better as a practitioner, your capacity and organization will extend.


Until then, you can only stay so long. Each move will cost a bit. Feeding others will too- thankfully, for similar reasons to how your Boon Companions can’t be used with Attribution, aren’t affected by your Upsetting trait, and how they’re good at fending for themselves in the city, they don’t factor into your supply needs.






What’s your first decision in The Pound?


2.A Go to the Others in the general audience.
2.D Go by the Store
2.X Enter the arena.
Use Ivory for an Eye (Preview)
Use Ivory for an Eye (Shuffle)
Use Attribution, targeting Ring One.












The Pound II


The manager of the little shop greets you- he’s a mundane Lost with a tin body, but wears a shirt and cap with dogs on them, and an apron with his employee name embroidered on the lapel, in a language you don’t know.


“Lost coins, if you want to make a purchase. The stock resets regularly.




0 - 1 coin
Bread and Citruses
A bread with an orange-yellow tint and a sweet, fruity taste, pulled apart in chunks.


Use: Get 1d3 supply. Flaws, emotional effects, and mind-affecting curses don’t bother you for a short time after eating.
Food Consumable




1 - 3 coins
The Eleven of Evers
This card shows a train cutting its way through a landscape of massive beasts. The tracks make the ‘11’.


Use: Used on the Paths, function unknown. There’s a variety of cards out there, with an underlying logic, and apparently you can collect hands of cards to great effect. Good luck!
Card




2 - 5 coins
Dogfight Gloves
These scuffed fingerless gloves have metal bars at the knuckles and dog fur bristling at the edge and finger holes.


Use: Defensive equipment. Grants a utility benefit for sustained fighting at a single location, modified by the number of [Dogfight] things you own. Grants the defensive:
[Corner fighting]




5 - 15 coins
Dogball Statue
Today’s specialty item, a statuette of a recently crowned champion. Maybe if you do well enough, you’ll have one of yourself!


Use: Asset, for display. The function is unknown.




2 - 5 coins
Dogfight Cap
This cap has fur at the brow and along the flaps that cover the ears. It looks ridiculous.


Use: Defensive equipment. Grants a tactical benefit for sustained fighting at a single location, modified by the number of [Dogfight] things you own. Grants:
[Snarl]
Replacing your choice of offense or defense.




2 - 7 coins
Alpha Cap
This is a flat cap with a buckle at the brow shaped like a dog’s muzzle. Stylish and officer-ish.


Use: Defensive equipment. Grants a tactical benefit based on your current status, health, and recent number of victories. A detriment if you don’t meet the requirement. Gives:
[Howl]
replacing your choice of offense or defense. Cursed?






What’s your next decision in The Pound?


2.A Go to the Others in the general audience.
2.D Return to the store.
Spend your one coin to get some citrus bread.
2.F Go to the gathering of contestants, where the practitioner waits.
2.X Enter the arena.
Use Ivory for an Eye (Preview)
Use Ivory for an Eye (Shuffle)
Use Attribution, targeting Ring One.








The Pound III


"First time?" the practitioner asks. He has a faint Dutch accent. After the war, some people, including some men at the cannery, had been trying to shed theirs, because of associations. "Evert Gadsen. With us is the Bird Dog, the Jack of Knaves, the Pencil Pusher, and the Dog Eared Book. We’ll be joined by others as they wrap up, some of us will leave."


He refers to a group of Lost sitting around him. A dog with wings, a skinny roguish fellow, a nebbish fellow with a pencil proportioned like a spear, and a young lady with a large, very old book, leather cover worn and peeling, pages creased and sticking out at angles.


"I finished, not so long ago. The way these things go, there is some chance involved. Sometimes a very strong Lost appears in the beginner area. It’s not so bad. Very few will try to finish you off. Mostly, it is the non-Lost stuck on the Paths, or confused practitioners. I see you have boon companions, and your escape rope is interesting. I’ve never seen one of that texture."


What do you say or ask?
(Bolded words may be good threads to follow)


*Come up with your own phrasing, and the tone you wish to strike. How much information do you wish to reveal?




The Pound IIIb


“Sinclair." [gestures to boon companions] "And the fish and the rabbit. I thought this was a pretty normal rope, to be honest. What kind of rope are you talking about?”


“Sinclair. I gather you’re independent, then? It’s a new practice, though it’s been around enough years I would’ve thought the know-how was in circulation. We’re even iterating, different types. Refining the concept. I suppose your rope is the everyday sort of escape rope, haha?”


There’s a pause while the announcers are being loud, suggesting another fight is due to start in ten minutes.


“When I say we, I mean there’s a group of us trying to get organized. Let me give you my phone number. We’ll communicate the process. You’re not a dreamer, are you? Astrally projecting into the Paths, in a midday slumber? If I write on your hand, it’ll be there when you wake? Here. Call us. It might not be me who picks up. Us Gadsdens are a good size family. We’re building a good catalogue. Let’s see, there’s observations, very good to get you started. Field notes are an essential part of that. Compiled thoughts after writing a Path, with a bit of organization, illustration. It’s never a waste of time to read field notes. Or compose them…”




Evert Gadsden briefly outlines how to make Field Notes.


You need any three spots unlocked for a clue grid for a location, and two different tier II clues for the same. If you send him what you have, his group will distribute it and give you half of the income.








"Ernst and Berrycloth, ah, I’d have to refresh myself. It’s been a while. We can talk on the phone, when I have the papers in front of me. Texts in that ballpark are essential. They help you to think about Paths, approach the reading. Ramp you into things. Lore, history, that’s another broad category. You won’t know how to break new ground without knowing what ground’s been broken before. Anthropology. How do our friends here work? Turn every interaction with them into a personal lesson. Psychology, fallen out of favor in the post-Freudian days, may he rest in peace and dream his peculiar dreams. But even though it’s less popular after we put the Giant Head theory to rest, it remains useful. How does our way of thinking influence and alter the Paths we enter? Dreamforging, we really should rename the category, but it’s what the books are labeled for now. Paths magic items, identifying using, making. Cosmology, underlying principles, fundamental for some higher end practice, navigation. And of course, High Theory. Giant head, absurdist, chaos, post-chaos, disintegrating reality. Is there an answer we can give that puts it all together?”


He seems very eager to explain all of this.


The Jack of Knaves looks a bit disgruntled- about you? He says something under his breath to the Bird Dog, who woofs lightly in answer.








What do you say or ask?
(Bolded words may be good threads to follow)


*Come up with your own phrasing, and the tone you wish to strike. How much information do you wish to reveal?










"I'd be most interested in knowing what's already well-tread ground, the lore of these places. I’d be glad to compare notes.”


“I’ll be sure to refer you some extra texts in that direction, then. The key texts will each give you something. But if you can get to grips with the bigger idea behind a category? There’s a greater benefit in it for you. Or benefits. One of the things I’ve found about studying the history of all of this? It’s great if you end up talking to someone from the old days. Like my grandfather. His basis for knowledge, his foundation, it’s chaos magic, dreaming. Now we’re moving away from that. Talk in his language and he’ll love you. It’s also a bit of a cheat code, knowing who the families are, who’s been around for a century and who got founded last generation.”


He catches himself. “Not that it means the newest don’t have anything to contribute, don’t get me wrong, haha! No, but it could mean you know exactly who you’re dealing with.”


The bird dog woofs, in response to something you don’t see. It reminds you of the Jack of Knaves.








“Concerning your ally..." Sinclair leans to speak to the Jack of Knaves. "Did we have a mutual friend?"


“Hm?”


You fish a bit for details about your old friend.


“Sounds like the Master of Arms’ friend. Sometimes he’ll be around ring two, or the bottom tier of ring three,” the Jack says.


“You need a certain number of coins or a certain proportion of correct bets to get through the gates to a higher tier,” Evert tells you. “Betting on yourself and winning is the easiest way to access the whole Path, but I’m more the type to observe and do some shallow exploration for ten or fifteen trips, then take a stab at finishing it.”


The Jack looks a bit more nettled by your presence. “You do know this is a place for people who’ve fought already?”


“I did greet them,” Evert defends you. But, seeing the look on the Jack’s face, concedes, “but yes. Very right.”






You might be able to squeeze in one last short question, but the other contestants are getting upset, and you’ll need to win some before they’re placated.


Final question?
2.2.a Don’t push it.


What’s your next decision in The Pound?


2.A Go to the Others in the general audience.
2.D Return to the store.
Spend your one coin to get some citrus bread.
2.F Stay at the gathering of contestants.
2.G Go to the vantage point to watch the fight, without betting.
2.X Enter the arena.
Use Ivory for an Eye (Preview)
Use Ivory for an Eye (Shuffle)
Use Attribution, targeting Ring One.










“Welcome!” the Lost at the gate say, as you circle around and enter, putting your food pouch away. “A new challenger?”


“You’ll be in the left corner, and you’ll be up against the boy in the tower. Ungainly, but a heavy hitter.”


Your opponent is ushered to rise from his seat. What appeared to be a collapsed, squat six foot tall tower made of stone is a combatant. Skinny, trembling legs, no thicker than your rabbit companion’s, are apparently lifting the entire thing. He stumbles, blind and barely capable of managing the weight, teetering and tottering, threatening to topple. He sometimes peers though a spot where a brick is missing, but is otherwise directed by a crow on the top of the tower, shouting instructions in an abrasive voice.


“You’ve got boon companions, excellent, they’re tied to you, so there’s no issue there. Are you interested in making a bet? You’ll win one coin per victory, baseline, one per consecutive victory, possible prizes from the crowd if it’s an interesting fight. Or are you interested in the challenge game?”


You’re stopped at a table. Your opponent does much the same, struggling to orient so he can see past the eyehole. The crow flies down to their table, on the right side of the stage.


Before you is a table of cards, which get dealt and arranged in a row.








Do you bet?


2.3.a Bet your singular coin.
2.3.b Hold onto your coin.








Do you take any options for the challenge game?


Automatically played this round: The winner of a given round has a boulder lobbed at them from the south. Guard low! FIXED


2.4.─ Get pelted with [random value 0] Paths trash throughout. Winner collects what they want of it, loser takes the remainder. 0


2.4.a Make a free attack against your enemy at the outset, replacing the used card after. Canceled out by opponent taking the same. -1 per


2.4.c You have a three round time limit +1


2.4.o Your opponent gets healed for 1 at the close of each round +1


2.4.e Your opponent gets augmented, usually a weapon better than what they have. Winner gets the weapon. +2


2.4.f On even numbered rounds, another combatant joins against you x2 to all rewards








“And our new arrival steps into the ring! In the left corner, is Sinclair Sinclair! Finally, a visitor from the grounded realms with a sensible naming convention! A practitioner, backed by boon companions from the Forest Ribbon Trail! And they’re brave! Look at this! They want to fight someone armed!”


The crowd roars.


From the scaffolding, Lost lower a cannon- the sort mounted on a large boat, onto the top of the tower. The crow on the parapet oversees the installation, as they quickly hammer and bolt it in.


The woman with vertical slices announces, “On the other side, you know them, our rookie in concrete, our kid in the tower! Be ready to get up out of your seats because if they come running into the wall, they might take down a bit of our arena!”


“And we’ll have a team of lucky audience members manning the boulder roller! Hit our target and get coins! The rest of you get gift bags! How fast can you empty them, because you get your choice out of the refills!!”


The woman made up of vertical slices says, “And on the other end of things, our boy in the tower has opted for regular healing for our practitioner here. I guess he figures that if he gets a good hit in, healing won’t matter!”


The cannon is installed.


Draining the puzzle, you cast out the symbology of it, directing it at the boy in the tower. It warps, distorts, and alters the shape of the tower.


Cards have been added to the opponent’s cardset.






As the challenger, you get the choice.


2.5.a Start combat.
2.5.b Give the opponent the starting move.






[hand: Axe Coin, Axe Coin, [hit D shield R], Haymaker [hit RL], Plant Feet, Hardwood, Axe Coin]


%roll 1d3
[2] = 2




[combat: we play Axe Coin, Axe Coin in second slot on their side, hits RRR, need-to-hit R]




(New hand, coin cards replaced)


Playing Stumble, discarding Fallen...




[combat: Tower Boy plays Stumble]




STUMBLE


[shields UURRLL]


Cancel the action to the [??] of this


Discard a card
Draw another card




KNOT


Must be played if drawn
You nominate 3x cards
Opponent chooses one. 
Discard it & make 3x copies to add to pool. 
Then draw a card




[cards: shield UURRDDDLL, Stumble [as above, but cancels action to the right, need-to-hit L], Murder Cannon [hits RD, gold-hits RRRRR]]


He isn't done his turn, btw.




%roll 1d3
[3] = 3


%roll 1d4
[4] = 4






[combat: Tower Boy plays Murder Cannon. 


Axe Coin in fourth slot on our side, hits LLLL, need-to-hit L. 


Message in fifth slot on Tower Boy’s side: 


AT END OF TURN, ROLLS 1D6
IF ROLL IS EQUAL TO OR UNDER THE NUMBER OF CRITICAL HITS, FALL


]




[combat: we play Fish Assist, Hardwood]




The Fish attacks, and is unblocked, dealing one hit, reducing the Boy in the Tower's health by 1.
The Cannon attacks and delivers 5x critical hits and one ordinary one, with one aimed at the ground.
The Fish blocks one, and the Hardwood blocks two (right and bottom), leaving 3x Critical hits and one ordinary one, aimed at the right.
Teak trousers trigger at fish, and with the retriggering, damage is under the 7 total from teak hardness.  Sinclair takes one.
Oh wait, that's buff extension, not retriggering.  Similar though (meant to work together).  Same dealio.
(Was thinking of plant feet)




(Discards the following)


[Stumble]




%roll 1d3
[3] = 3


%roll 1d4
[1] = 1


%roll 1d4
[3] = 3






Left hit is blocked.  Enemy action is canceled, plant feet blocks the boulder handily.
You've healed to full through passive regeneration, the boy in the tower is down 1 health.  You have the advantage.  You can choose to flee combat (likely a forfeit), draw an additional 2 cards and discard 2 cards, or draw 3 cards and pick one attack to land a free hit.


The boy is not calling for a forfeit.


The coin is midair, and is now striking two directions at once, start of the enemy's next turn.




%roll 1d6
[3] = 3


(he doesn't topple)




You could also take the moment of advantage to draw a weapon.
Since you're barehanded atm.


%roll 1d6 Pisces
"Pisces" [3] = 3




[hand: hit D, shield D, shield RL, shield DL, card boon, Uppercut [hits UU], shield URDL, hit U, shield UR]


Pick two to discard




Worth noting, the leftmost cards in the top row and bottom row are replaced with coin if you retrieve it.
And once you've picked, play your opening card.




[combat: Axe Coin in first slot on their side, hits UUUDDD, need-to-hit U, same message in fifth slot, Boulder at the end [gold-hits D]]


Oh, actually, completely forgot
%roll 10d4
[3] [2] [1] [2] [2] [3] [1] [3] [1] [4] = 22




[combat: Trash hits our first slot D, third slot R, fifth slot U


Traash red-hits their first slot R, Trash hits their third slot R, Traaash red-hits their fifth slot D]




[combat: we play Uppercut.


They play shield UURRDDDLL, stunned second slot.]




While going for the uppercut, Sinclair takes 1, as a trash cluster is hurled from the stands and catches them in the hip.
The uppercut is blocked by 2, but the coin carries through, dealing 3 damage and stunning the tower.  It misses its next card play.




[hand: Axe Coin, Wide Right [hits UR], shield RL, shield DL, card boon, shield URDL]




%roll 3d100
[18] [32] [45] = 95




Rags didn't proc.  >_>


Only applies to card plays.
Axe coin counts though.


%roll 1d3
[1] = 1




[combat: we play Axe Coin. 


Axe Coin in second slot on their side, hits DDD, need-to-hit D]


You have one more play.


%roll 2d7
[6] [5] = 11




[hand: hit U, Wide Kick [hits DL], shield D, Rabbit Assist, shield DL, Axe Coin]




%roll 1d3
[3] = 3


%roll 1d4
[4] = 4




[combat: we play Axe Coin.


Axe Coin in fifth slot on their side, hits LLL, need-to-hit L]




The coin strikes the defenseless, stunned boy in the tower, and deals 3 damage, bouncing back to your hand.  You hurl it again.  The tower reels, stunned.  (Tower plays incoming)




[combat: they play Slightly Less Murder Cannon in fourth slot. [hits R, gold-hits RR]




[hand: hit U, Wide Kick, shield D, Rabbit Assist, shield DL]




[combat: we play Rabbit Assist, shield DL]




Trash pelts the boy in the tower, aimed for holes and windows in the tower while it's immobile.


The rabbit rushes forward and drives her knee into it, spiritual energy flaring and long pigtails whipping in the wind as she strikes.  Two more damage.  The boy can be heard bouncing around the interior in the wake of it, like the knocker of a bell, without the bell sound, or dice in a shaken cup.


But the boy manages to pull on a string or otherwise hit the trigger, because the cannon fires.


%roll 1d100
[10] = 10


Sinclair, almost dodging, is blown off their feet.




%roll 2d6 crit effects
"crit effects" [1] [3] = 4


Nothing and…


%roll 1d2
[2] = 2




Sinclair suffers some internal organ damage, and loses half their remaining health, bringing them down to 3.




[combat: Tower Boy plays [hit LL, shield UURLL]]


The tower follows up, running forward, pinging the coin away and bumping Sinclair for one more.




%roll 1d100
[85] = 85




(dings the tower for 1)




The boy in the tower is nearly knocked off his feet by the rolling boulder, and stumbles.  You seize the advantage.


"I'm done!" he calls out.  The crow caws agreement.


You have the opportunity to keep going and finish him off, it seems.








The Pound IV, fight over


The crowd cheers. Your fight was well received, being as close as it was. You’re helped to your feet, and brought to a standing position at the ring’s edge. As you leave, you’re fully healed... though a little traumatized by the close call.


Health: ♥️♥️♥️♥️♥️♥️♥️♥️♥️
Morale: +++++++XX


You receive your prize package- one coin for the victory, your old coin returned, one more for the bet, effectively double or nothing, and two more for the weapon challenge. Then, because you put on a good show, you get three more.






0
Lost Coin
This coin has a red background and is painted with a maiden holding a sheaf of wheat, both gray.


Use: Paths currency. Used for various purchases and low-stakes trades. There's a weird economy tied to these things, making them useful to collect, apparently.




0
Lost Coin
This coin has ghosts playing poker in ethereal blue, in a burning house, casting the background a deep red.


Use: Paths currency. Used for various purchases and low-stakes trades. There's a weird economy tied to these things, making them useful to collect, apparently.




0
Lost Coin
This coin has a grimy brown background. Whatever was displayed is scratched out. They are holding a pair of shears reflecting blue eyes.


Use: Paths currency. Used for various purchases and low-stakes trades. There's a weird economy tied to these things, making them useful to collect, apparently.




0
Lost Coin
An emerald green tower with nature growing from it resists the winter. Blue ice dominates the background.


Use: Paths currency. Used for various purchases and low-stakes trades. There's a weird economy tied to these things, making them useful to collect, apparently.




0
Lost Coin
A black silhouette stands with back turned, in front of a black hole, many rays of brilliant blue light bent to orbit it.


Use: Paths currency. Used for various purchases and low-stakes trades. There's a weird economy tied to these things, making them useful to collect, apparently.




0
Lost Coin
Two highwaymen, dressed in green camouflage in the forest, are playing at cards, one is whispering with cards shielding his mouth from lipreading.


Use: Paths currency.




0
Lost Coin
A king in royal purple looks terrified, his eyes on the royals of his court who stand gathered behind his throne, cast in malevolent red.


Use: Paths currency.




0
Lost Coin
A juggler covered in pox juggles pig carcasses before a sunset that casts him in the same sickly orange it does the city behind him.


Use: Paths currency.










You’ve collected your prizes, as well. Weapons, tools.




5
Murdercannon
Oppressively heavy duty, awkward to move around.


Use: May be deployable as long-ranged artillery in one location, to attempt to fire on another. If you could get it there. You’d need some augment to carry it.
Puzzle: Add [Bomb], [Gun], random




0
Path Trash
This clump of trash doesn’t always look the same when examined from the top as from the side.


Use: Can pull it apart to get 0-3 random tier 0 Paths items. Brought back to a workshop or such, gives a clue, instead.
Cluster




0
Chewed Up Papers: 'Moon'
Various papers from Paths related events. There are images of moons on them.


Use: Can spend at any time for 1-2 clues, some Path related. If used in relation to something tied to the title image, instead grants a basic hint in addition to the clues.
Consumable.




0
Path Trash


This clump of trash doesn’t always look the same when examined from the top as from the side.
Use: Can pull it apart to get 0-3 random tier 0 Paths items. Brought back to a workshop or such, gives a clue, instead.
Cluster




0
Paths Herb, Orange
It looks like it might be a flower, but the petals run all along the stalk, and it has a spicy smell.


Use: You could try eating it. It’s an herb. You don’t know enough about Path Herbs to know what it is or what it might do.
Resource




1
Perfect Temple Key
A key to a nonspecific temple, treated with respect and care, in ivory white with gold trim.


Use: Usable to get into any religious space, once. May have special uses on the Paths, if you find an appropriate door.




1
Path Detritus
This clump of Pathstuff shuffles itself when not observed, or when moved around.


Use: Can pull it apart to get 0-3 random tier 0-1 Paths items. Brought back to a workshop or such, gives a clue or two, instead.
Cluster








The Pound IV, fight over


You’re ushered away from the stage, and, more rightfully this time, move over to where the other previous contestants stand, some waiting for their turn to begin. The cannon is brought to you, and set down to your side. The Bird Dog gets up and goes ahead to fight the next challenger, a Lost from the crowd. They’re mulling over the challenge game, what they want to add.


“I was ready to shout advice, but you seemed to have it in hand,” Gadsden tells you. “You got a sense of it. It’s less about winning, and more about winning with as close a call as you can manage. The nice thing is, it takes a while before this Path resets. The nice thing is, this Path remembers you fairly well. I’ve gone to four or five different Paths, can’t quite remember, came back today, they remembered my victory.”


Some Lost in the stands crowd nearer, reaching down from above to tap you on the shoulder, commenting on the fight. The boy in the tower manages to get over, then sets himself down heavily.


“Sulking,” the Jack of Knaves murmurs. He glances at you. It seems you’re not quite forgiven for your earlier slight, and a few of the others might not have been rooting for you either.


Anything to say? Do?


*Say something, do something?
*2 And the thing you want to say after that?








The Pound IV, Post game talk                        


“I think I’ve the combat part covered. Where I could use your help - what do I need to get up to the exit and out?”


“The exit? The way you came is the simplest. It’s how I’ve been able to dip my toes into these waters, without committing too much.


“The other ways… fighting. Winning more than half your matches for five fights in the first ring will permit you access to the second ring. Three in a row will carry you straight through, no need to do the last two, unless you want the consecutive rings. Same idea for the third ring, which is three fights. Harder. Those are Lost and guests who know how to fight. The final ring is a single fight, with the cornerstone Lost of this place playing his own role. I have ideas on what’s going on there, but I think I’ll keep them to myself. Buy my book, when I write it, haha!


“For the other ways, there’s a gate over there, to the left…” [He gestures to the gate by E], “…that requires a certain number of coins. Fifteen, I think. A mix of bets and fights can get you there. To the right, it’s pure betting. There’s a die inset into the door. Win, you get through, fail, you lose everything and reset from the beginning.”




"That was a good fight, you got some solid hits in. I think the cannon suits you better than it does me, and I might need the help of someone like you on a Path someday. How would you feel about a trade?"


“I dunno, no,” he replies, sullenly, though the eye that peers out of the darkness of the tower interior seems to be fixed on the cannon. The Dog Eared Book leans in close to whisper something. The boy in the tower blinks, eye going dark, then looks back out. “What if you give me the cannon, and I give you some coins, and later on, if we cross paths again, I’ll help you. But you hafta get strong too!”


The Jack of Knives departs, apparently set on betting on the upcoming fight.








Anything to say? Do? (Second go)


*Say something, do something?
*2 And the thing you want to say after that?










“I like the sound of that, how many coins?”


“I could give you these,” he says, and he offers you five coins. Then, when you don’t immediately accept, changes his mind. “More than that.”


He offers you three.




0
Lost Coin
This coin has a crescent moon with a rabbit sleeping in the curve, the moon white, the sky purple.


Use: Paths currency. Used for various purchases and low-stakes trades. There’s a weird economy tied to these things, making them useful to collect, apparently.




0
Lost Coin
This coin has your Wolf in amber with a skull in his fanged teeth, against a red background.


Use: Paths currency. Used for various purchases and low-stakes trades. There’s a weird economy tied to these things, making them useful to collect, apparently.




0
Lost Coin
The coin features a man guiding an ass through a black moonless night with a shining red apple.


Use: Paths currency. Used for various purchases and low-stakes trades. There’s a weird economy tied to these things, making them useful to collect, apparently.




“A better deal,” the girl with the dogeared book says. “Three coins with nothing in common are worth more than your usual handful of five coins, but less than half what even a small collection of coins with something in common is worth.”


“And that sort of tidbit,” Evert remarks, “is a prize unto itself. What I told you is a touch simplified. There are other ways to pay, and those other ways may be required to get past the second guard, but I’m a man of books, not gold.”


“Alas,” the fish remarks, “I’m but a fish, a thing of the wild. I don’t know much about money, myself. Only the value of hidden things.”


“And I’m but a rabbit,” the rabbit says, a bit more absently. She’s interested in the upcoming fight.






Express interest in the (or any) book Gadsden is writing. Mention that you’re working on assembling some details on the FRT and would be happy to exchange info when you know more (or something)


“Write us up some exploration notes. Once we communicate and I give you the catalogue, you’ll see why they’re so useful. It’ll earn. The money will taper off, but it’ll continue to earn over the months and years. The trick is to produce many books. Then the residual trickle of income adds up. If you can’t tell, the Gadsdens are scholars. We take a laid back approach, write our papers. I worry you might be on the wrong track, however. Reaching too far afield. But that’s a topic for another day. It seems we have company. I might recognize this one. They haven’t seen us over here. Be prepared to circle around to where you wish to go. Don’t take this threat lightly.






Accept the deal?


2.6.a Accept the three coins, give up the cannon, agree to meet another day
2.6.b Take the five coins instead, give up the cannon, agree to meet another day
2.6.c Refuse the deal






What route do you take?


2.7.a Hang back, see which way they go
2.7.b Try to duck around, using the kiosk as a hiding spot, with an aim to rush past, back through the entrance
2.7.c Cut past the fighting ring, to the stands on the left, where you might be cut off.






What are you buying, how much are you putting forward?
2.8.* What are you buying, how much are you putting forward?






The Pound V


You take the three coins, and leave the cannon behind. You have other concerns. With Fish and Rabbit staying close, you edge toward the shop, while the person at the door gets their bearings. It’s a boy, eyes sharp, with orange-brown hair, and a heavy coat in a similar color.


“Right. We called that one Rudy,” Evert Gadsden says. “When one comes, the others may follow a little while after. They work together. Be careful. I’m going to leave, before things get bad.”


He tugs on the rope at his waist, and the rope goes taut, before apparently yanking him out of existence- between the creases and folds of the Paths.


Rudy, it seems, doesn’t know where you are, and heads off into the stands to the left of the gate. You make your way to the shop and, coins in hand, consider a purchase.


“Buying?” the man in the dog shirt and cap asks. He taps the counter. Apparently you need to put the coins you want forward. Off to the side, ‘Rudy’ has disappeared into the stands.


Coins have been added to the reference document.






2
Dogfight Cap
This cap has fur at the brow and along the flaps that cover the ears. It looks ridiculous.


Use: Defensive equipment.
[Dogfight Items equipped] x [Number of combats at this node after the first] points toward combat advantage. Grants:
[Snarl]
Replacing your choice of offense or defense.




1
The Eleven of Evers
This card shows a train cutting its way through a landscape of massive beasts. The tracks make the '11'.


Use: Used on the Paths, function unknown. There’s a variety of cards out there, with an underlying logic, and apparently you can collect hands of cards to great effect. Good luck!
Card




2
Dogfight Gloves
These scuffed fingerless gloves have metal at the knuckles and dog fur bristling at the edge and finger holes.


Use: Equipment. Gain [Dogfight Items equipped] x [Number of combats at this node after the first] x5% chance to half finish items. Items are finished at end of combat. Grants the defensive:
[Corner fighting]










The Lost who confronts you near the kiosk is round at the body, ceramic, with a slot in their head, and keys jangling within them. They were once pink, maybe, but have turned bright red.


They’re awkward, in how they move. You could try to get around.


What route do you take?
2.7.a Stay and fight them one-on-one.
2.7.b Try to circle around with legwork, trusting you’re faster than them. If you take too long (going beyond the initial skirmish) with the next Lost, you might get stuck fighting two at once.
2.7.c Engage in a skirmish, looking to put them off balance or bowl them over, as you aim to get past them.














The Pound VI II


The Lost, viewed through a certain lens, is framed by symbology. The piggy bank, the monocled oil baron, the coin, the hand of cards. To each of those, something else has been added. The piggy bank guarded by shards of something or other- crystal? Glass? The oil baron guarded by soldiers with weapons tipped the same, square and rectangular plates of their armor connected together. The coin no longer a coin, but a disc. The hand no longer holds cards, but more of the fragments.


Another conceit is forced into there. The frame with four corners becomes an unwieldy one with five. The conceits and symbols slide, snapping into place to fill the void. The opaque shards and fragments pull away from other segments, forming a square.


And then the Lost is the way he once was, staggering. The effect collapses, and begins to reassert itself. You shove your way past without difficulty. (Roll skipped)


Another Lost waits by the gate. Or is it two? Two heads, each with hair greased and combed to be close to their heads, with curls at the brow and curls at the back, similar enough to be twins, one with a feminine flair to her lashes, the other with a thin twirly mustache. They’re locked in an embrace, that pulls the two into a shape of a person, where each has a leg cocked, and the pants leg and shoe could be the tail end of a dramatic tailcoat. Him with one arm fixed arm around her waist, her with one around his shoulders.


A single apple is held in her hand, her mouth eating, while he seems to be in control. Then she pushes the apple into his mouth, and the silhouette of their arrangement shifts to something narrower, with wider hips and a narrower middle. She’s cast in that orange-red brown, that suggests she’s been altered.


Off in the stands, fighting has erupted, fans of the arena matches literally fighting over who should win. The Little Wolf with the orange-brown hair is strangely unaffected, having moved to the highest part of the wall, to let the fighting happen a level couple of feet below. It seems he’s not interested in pursuing, and maintains that vantage point.


Two of the Lost who had headed the other way are now starting to return.


Expound won’t be ready for a short while, unless you spend it now.






You’re at the gate. What is your approach?


2.7.a Stay and fight them one-on-one.
2.7.c Engage in a skirmish, looking to put them off balance or bowl them over, as you aim to get past them.






Two of the Lost who had headed the other way are now moving toward you.






The Pound, End


The practice, intuitive as it might be, isn’t an easy one to push out in close succession. You drain the wood hollow of that which makes it hollow.


The effect of adding complicating energies to the arrangement is different this time, and the red-orangeness is pushed out by the emptiness from the hollow. Shards explode out, fragments flying and flipping over back toward Rudy, who stands above. He catches them with what appears to be a square with a pattern on it, which gets redder as he absorbs the effect.


Then he hurls it back, features distorted. Shards fly out, solid, red, and opaque.


You don’t see the intended effect before you’re through the gate. You’ve dipped your toes into the waters of the Pound, and you’ve returned to Earth. The diagram work on the floor of your room looks as though it’s been trampled by the paws of dogs running in circles.


The ‘half effect’ bane you proposed to the Wolf may prove to be more a hassle, practically, than the weight the events have had on your psyche. The Little Wolves appear to be organized in some way that isn’t directly related to the Wolf, with some banding together. Maybe if you could unravel something about them, you could buy yourself more time. Or some advantage against them.




The Mystery of the Little Wolves is now available to unravel.


Who are these children who stalk the Paths and work alongside the Wolf? If they’re to be a persistent nemesis, you may need to know them.




The boy you’ve termed ‘the dodo’ has left a gift by the foot of your bed.


0
Crest of the Lion Cub
A shield-shaped badge with residual energy. The mane-less lion’s face on it looks stuffed.


Use: Accessory, fills an inventory slot. While worn, in the card slot immediately following a round you won advantage, if you skip a card play, shield 2 in every direction. Destroyed if tapped.
Trinket
Puzzle: Add [Shield], Any.










Some Observations Texts: 


Field Notes - Observations from the field, from various Finders, in brief.  This is an easy text to throw together, and it’s never a waste of time to read, if you have any interest in the Paths.  Every copy of Exploration Notes is standalone, and gives benefits when read.  Background at conclusion grants reading progress in all new Paths related texts you pick up.  Gives reading progress across all your books on your bookshelves/reading desk when you finish a Path.  Improves as more Field Notes are read (at 3, 5, 7, 9, 1, and 12).


Between Ernst and Berrycloth - A witty correspondence between two titular Paths Practitioners of the turn of the century, sharing observations, useful for the details, and also illuminating in terms of the terminology and channels they use.  Gain a correspondent as one of the reading rewards.  Gain a background, Penmanship, at the conclusion.  Gives additional options or lower prices from distant sources of books (such as the Gadsens).  When correspondents get back to you (untapping), get scattered reading progress, a clue, or a low-value gift.


A Curiosity in Ivory, a Conceit in Horn - An examination of the philosophy of how Paths are seen and described, the language and interpretations employed.  Gives interesting sets of clues as you read through, a discount on clue grids you have access to, and finishes with a background, granting you one node (normally Conceit x Curiosity) automatically unlocked on any Path or Path related thing with those row/column headers.






Some Lore Texts:


In Search of Path Zero - A study of texts, art, and oral traditions conveyed across the history of humans and various long-lived Others, done through the lens of the Paths- what may be referencing early Paths, with the goal of finding the earliest story told about the Paths.  It attempts to coin a lot of terminology that never took.  Grants the Paths Archaeology background, giving you more information about Paths things you don't know much about.  Get bonus clues and sometimes money (if you have channels/correspondence with other Paths practitioners) if you identify something Paths related.  More if it's cursed or higher value.


Forked Tongues of Babel - An examination of both the evolving terminology of Paths practices, and the ways individual practices, geographical regions, and languages have developed their own terminology.  The Tower of Babel is painted as a metaphor throughout,  a Path stretching from the Earthly to the heavens- or to the Paths.  Grants a new language, makes language learning earsier, gives a job option, and a background giving you new contact, new paths to explore, and re-triggering a benefit from another Lore text.  Repeats, to lesser effect, when you learn a new language.


From Far Realms to Dreams - The first part of a series, chronicling history of the Paths.  This reaches from the earliest interactions to the period practitioners interpreted it as the landscape of dreams and subconscious.  Other books in this series compound its benefits, but count as a standalone Lore work for various backgrounds.  Gives bonus conversation options with Practitioners and Lost rooted in the oldest days of Pathstuff.  Gives Paths Education, a step up for Advanced Education.  Heavy requirements.


Sun, Moon, Star,  Afar - Studying the symbolic language of Paths, the motifs and signals that recur across Paths, and have seemingly always done so.  The conclusion takes a stab at a questionable theory, but there’s much to be gained here.  Lets you turn clues into cash.  Get Incarnate text benefit from Paths texts and vice-versa.






Some Anthropology Texts:


From Dreamstuff to Dust - While this text is founded in the concept of the Paths as Dreaming, it nonetheless has a very strong taxonomy of Lost, free and not, cornerstone Lost, and the various non-Lost of the Paths.  Label new Lost you meet.  With the background at the end, gauge rough power level, too.


Tea at the Tipping Point - A Paths Practitioner describes his experiences and observations living in a Paths community for eighteen months, believed to be the longest one has stayed on a Path on purpose.  Named for the Lost teashop where he got most of his sustenance.  Opens up clue grids about coins, cards, and other things.  Gives potential new shop options and interactions at Lost stores.






Some Dreamforging Texts:


Curiosa - An examination of trinkets and curios- the most minor magic items of the Paths, which can so easily clutter one’s bags.  Learn to carry more, break trinkets down into boons.


Coilsprung - A text written by a Lost familiar of a practitioner, a bit of a riddle to read, as the Lost assumes some things are common sense when they are not.  Discusses effective foraging and getting higher value magic items out of various circumstances.






Some Cosmology Texts:


The Long Way - Writings from some practitioner groups known for delving into the interconnected webwork of Paths, ending with them seeing distant fixtures in the sky they could not reach.  Benefits include Increasing supply and diminishing the consequence of running out.


Side Doors - After his Path home was accidentally founded, a practitioner had to find his way home.  In the process, he discovered some facets to how Paths interconnect and link.  Helps with finding secret doors.






Some High Theory Texts


Inside the Giant Head - Discusses Giant Head theory; the notion that all the Paths are the subconscious of a great god or other power (suggested but not outright stated, to be the Christian God), made manifest. Gives a technique to modify your practices.






Gadsen gives a rough estimate of $3 per field notes and $6 per text.




[DOWNTIME II]




Downtime, Interlude II


Once you’ve gotten your thoughts together, preliminary notes on books you could buy put aside, you’ve had time to digest your experience with The Pound.


You had one fight, so you draw 1+1 cards (with a propensity for being the lowest quality) and have the opportunity to combine two. The only real choice here is yes or no? The defensive card will remain.


You’re also getting into tune with your new weapon, the Lost Coin. You used it this expedition and came to understand how it works. Going forward, you can choose one of the following:


The Coin can be used even when you’re wielding another weapon. You’ll draw that other weapon whenever the coin isn’t in hand.
Whenever you throw or ricochet the coin, you can choose to either send it ahead 1 or 2 spaces, or send it ahead 3 or 4 spaces. This may send it into the next round.
Whenever you ricochet the coin, you can choose how it goes thereafter, from among: stronger, split directions, armor bypass.






Downtime, Interlude II


You also get your clues. You finished one fight at a key node in The Pound...


[Dog I clue]


...and got a critical victory with a major objective.


[Dog I clue] [Spades II clue]


You encountered a Little Wolf, Rudy.


[Wolf I clue] [Paths I clue]


And you made a new contact, Evert Gadsen.


[Paths I clue] [Rose I clue]








Downtime, Interlude II


You have three downtime slots to fill. With less pressing work, you could have four.


You have 30 cents.
Your potted herb is healthy
You’re healthy and reasonably fit, mentally, having recovered some in the evening since leaving The Pound.


Health: ♥️♥️♥️♥️♥️♥️♥️♥️♥️
Morale: ++++++++X








Where do you wish to focus your techniques with the Axe Coin?


2.8.a The Coin can be used with another weapon, the other weapon being drawn after the coin is tossed.
2.8.b Whenever you throw or ricochet the coin, you can choose either 1-2 ahead or 3-4 ahead. This may send into the next round.
2.8.c Whenever you ricochet the coin, you choose how it goes thereafter, from among: stronger, split directions, armor bypass.






You have some time before you’ll really be able to go to your next Path. You have some new options.


2.1.a Explore a location available to you.
2.1.b Shopping, go see what’s available at one of the stores (or take the time to call the Gadsdens)
2.1.c Ritual, performing a ritual that you know.
2.1.d Research, studying a practice to get a sense of some directions you could take it, or an item, to get a sense of how it works, if it’s not fully understood.
2.1.e Reading, reading a book to make some headway. You’re best at reading Paths texts.
2.1.f Utilize Intelligence, writing up notes about a mystery before you, putting abstract thoughts and little details you’ve gathered to use in deciphering mysteries.
2.1.g Do two different half actions to fill one of the downtime slots:


Basic First Aid - Heal one heart.
Light relaxation - Heal one morale.
Light socialization - Temperature check, observations & maintenance on a relationship, meet someone for a date.
Maintenance - cleaning your workspace, checking wards & doing upkeep
Skim read - Lightly peruse some material for a 1d3 reading roll
Work - Earn some money








Downtime, Interlude II


Work is hard and fruitless, but some people there are paying attention to you, perhaps. Is it because you’re dedicated, or you’re more approachable because you’re around more? Maybe they’ll be around later?


Fish has been swimming with kids at the creek, traveling the streets when it’s raining, or going out to do things with Rabbit. You converse, and work past some of her doubts about the past- like the fact you’re regularly wearing clothes taken from a dead woman.


Hearing the Fish talk about things, her strengths lie in secrets, and digging into hidden facets- particularly of higher end items and boons. Just as Rabbit does with fighting terrible foes, the Fish benefits from digging into 2nd/3rd layers of puzzles [read: clue grids], getting a mood boost and possible growth.


Your coin boon, as she explains it, can keep growing, as long as you attend to it. For right now, like with how you just had a few pieces of gear to worry about on the Forest Ribbon Trail, it’s not really a problem. Later, though, you might have to decide what boons and benefits (and banes, like the Little Wolf pursuit or your trauma) you want to dwell on, for growth. Once it reaches a certain point, she should be able to help you take it to the next level.


After the costs of having to eat at the crowded, more expensive places by the cannery while working, you only netted $3.








You have some time before you’ll really be able to go to your next Path. You have some new options.


2.1.a Explore a location available to you.
2.1.b Shopping, go see what’s available at one of the stores (or take the time to call the Gadsdens)
2.1.c Ritual, performing a ritual that you know.
2.1.d Research, studying a practice to get a sense of some directions you could take it, or an item, to get a sense of how it works, if it’s not fully understood.
2.1.e Reading, reading a book to make some headway. You’re best at reading Paths texts.
2.1.f Utilize Intelligence, writing up notes about a mystery before you, putting abstract thoughts and little details you’ve gathered to use in deciphering mysteries.
2.1.g Do two different half actions to fill one of the downtime slots:


Basic First Aid - Heal one heart.
Light relaxation - Heal one morale.
Light socialization - Temperature check, observations & maintenance on a relationship, meet someone for a date.
Maintenance - cleaning your workspace, checking wards & doing upkeep
Skim read - Lightly peruse some material for a 1d3 reading roll
Work - Earn some money






A mechanic I was going to implement and forgot about - if you eat food consumables on the Path, you get supply.  If you eat it in downtime, you save money.  ~50 cents per supply you'd get.  Food and drink can expire.






Downtime, Interlude II


You break apart one trash cluster and one debris, and get two clues:


[Nature I clue] [Wolf I clue]


And with the food pouch ready, you crack apart the other trash cluster. The cluster hisses as it’s pulled apart, freshly empty, but the food pouch shudders. A paper wrapped hot sandwich is within, a combination knife & fork in a single utensil included as part of the package.




0
Creamed Wood Chips on Beef Toast
You get the impression that a Lost was trying to make human style food and failed.


Use: You may lose 1♥ to gain 1 supply, then you may lose 2♥ to gain 1 supply, and then you may lose 3♥ to gain 1 supply.










New:
Corner Fighting - Choose red or gold.  If you have 3 or less life, or 11+ morale, you also attack in those directions. [red [shields UR] or gold [shields DL]]
Snarl - Until you next take damage, whenever you deal damage, increase the total by +1. Countered by non-attack, non-defense card effects to top, left, or right.






0
Coarse Rope
The coarseness helps knots to hold but leaves hands raw after too much use.


Use: Bypasses the occasional obstacle, get from high places to low or vice-versa, sometimes.










Downtime, Interlude II


Giving the Wilderness a perusal, it’s a little hard to shake your mind off recent violence and other thoughts. You only make one unit of progress.


You have one downtime action remaining.








Downtime, Interlude II


Heading out to the Crooked Pub, you’re free to detour to the farmer’s market, where vendors are selling their wares and the community is coming together. Many of the cannery workers are present, happy to eat something that isn’t the over-boiled ambiguous greens served for dinner.


There are a few things going on in the background that, when they add up to a certain number, might mean you meet people or get noticed. For an event like this, all the trackers are nudged forward by one. With the score for ‘work’ being at three…


You run into Briar, a woman who works at the cannery- not the only one, as you’re well aware. Back when people were fighting in the War, all the industries were shorthanded, and women worked. After, most were pushed out in favor of men, but a few have lingered. Rather than the boarding house, most either live with family or live at the red house down the road. No mincing words about it- it’s a brothel, though the girls who live there don’t necessarily partake… it’s just the reality, that there’s so few places that let single women live alone.


Briar is such a woman. Hair tied back by a kerchief, wearing the cannery uniform even outside of work, she’s bought a whole bag full of apples. She’s been swiftly dropping weight from her rubenesque figure since leaving her job on the farms to work at the cannery, and may regain it when she returns to the farms as the seasons turn. She seems in high spirits.










And there was a standing option to meet with...


Parker is seen in attendance as well. Though clearly an academic mind, as your prior conversation indicated, a few moments of observation from afar suggest a more than passing interest in things furthest from science- art and whimsy. The games of children, crafts, and performers. Parker’s smile is delighted, their eyes a touch sad.


All items from the General Store, leather jacket excepted, are available for $1 at a flea market. You can also try trading or hawking items you own that you have little interest in. Innocence will suppress a lot of the magic of it, but you may still want to be mindful of what you release out into the world.






You share the Bread and Citruses with Parker, and spend a good chunk of the afternoon together, visiting stalls, while you make your purchases, watching a performer with a son learning the same things, and listening to a singer.


Parker, musing aloud, wonders if they’re someone driven by contrasts. Science and fantasy, hopes and dreams. Expectations from others and expectations for themself. The more they dive into the world of science, the more they seem to crave escapism, but the opposite is true too. Sometimes a dichotomy like that can tear someone apart. Other times, maybe they’re okay… but wistful. Now that they’re actively thinking about it, they wonder if they can find a different way forward.


Dangerous, they say, if they’re led off the path they’re walking, which is already hard enough from someone of their background.


The effects of the Bread and Citrus do a lot to help Parker with that wistfulness, which may play a part in that moment of clarity and self-reflection.


You secure your purchases in your bag, a writing kit and belts. A lucky find.


Parker has to go, though, and you have places to be. It’s the early twilight hours when you reach the pub, and a man at the door is ready to stop you- especially because you have kids in your company. But a man with a face so twisted the scowl may very well be permanent grunts out his permission to let you in.


“You’re Wise?” he asks, his voice rough. His clothes are roughspun and thick for the warm weather, the stove is hot, and his skin has the texture of someone who had a terrible case of spots as a teenager, picked at them mercilessly, and scarred over, even in places one doesn’t usually have spots. The woman behind the counter with him isn’t dissimilar. “I’m Helm, I own this joint. This is Edda. She’s my granddaughter, my daughter, and my wife. Have an issue, you can keep it to yourself or get the fuck out. You don’t know our story. If you can keep shite to yourself, there’s work for the wise. Free bread and drink for now, to break bread and all that, if you won’t bring trouble on my head, howssat?”






0
Belts & Straps
Belts and straps meant to be attached to one another.  Easily fashioned into a way to hold awkward things.


Use: Slotted weapon is drawn if default weapon is discarded, disarmed.






What to do, at the Crooked Pub?


2.9.a
Get the fuck out, as he suggested. You won’t brook this.


2.8.b
Stay. There are people to talk to. They look like rogues and tricksters, and the kind of people who intentionally seek out shady places because they’re more interesting.


2.8.c
Stay. Ask about the sorts of jobs they have for the Wise






Downtime, Interlude II


“No fairies or fairy magic,” Helm barks out to your back, as you turn away. “Wretched things. Sleep in my cups and dishes, warm near the ovens, pissing and shitting everywhere they go. Looks like sparkles, but I know what’s what.”


It looks like a bulk of the clientele doesn’t really put much stock in what he’s saying, chuckling or looking like they’re embarrassed on the man’s behalf.


Hanging out without drinking is likely to get you pressured to leave, and drinking more helps ease people’s wariness of you. It looks like beers are 8 cents each.


At one table, a group of scoundrels have gathered- the sorts of people who you might be able to hire, with coin or trade. Thugs, thieves, and people of that sort.


At another, some younger people are gathered- they might have gravitated here for the ambiance, not feeling at home in a bar like the sort Parker would go to. Young men and women of your age, dressed in black, artists, people with wilder hairstyles.


In the corner nearest the bar, there’s a pair of people who weren’t the type to scoff or look skeptical when fairies were talked about. One wears a glass pendant at her neck, otherwise wearing dark purple, while the other is a little rougher, a heavy bag to his side, with a rather rough looking bear trap hanging off of it.






Who do you drink with? (10 cents)


2.x.a The scoundrels.
2.x.b The youths.
2.x.c The pair.








Downtime, Interlude II


You collect your bread, warm from the oven, and a glass probably meant for shots more than proper beer, but it meets the requirements to be a token of hospitality. Tasting it to make sure it isn’t noxious, you order a proper drink, too. An unspoken but very clear prerequisite to any sort of socializing or loitering.


“I’m Delreal,” the woman with the glass necklace says. “That’s Lynch. Wise. Practitioners. There’s a council, it might be better if you find them before they find you, politeness’ sake, but our Lord is hands off. Wants to start a school, his focus is on that. We don’t get in his way or make him look bad, and he doesn’t trouble us.”


Lynch adds, his voice a surprisingly smooth baritone for his general roughness, “People in town know that if something needs doing, Helm can arrange it. If it’s something odd, we handle it, here. Anytime you come, someone will be at this table, ready in case it needs immediate attention. If they can handle it, they do. Otherwise, they hunt down the one they think can.”


“A lot of us are more independent than family,” Delreal says. “It keeps us connected. We share out the income, mostly proportionate to the work done. Maybe a bit more going to squeaky wheels.”


Lynch groans.




“There’s less squabbling than you think,” she adds. “If you wanted to participate, money’s not earthshattering, but it’s money. We’d ask you to prove yourself first, run some errands, handle something. Then you’d need to devote some time to sitting at this table, taking your turns. You should know that some of us are... practitioners of darker arts. Not me, but some. Body thief. Other things.”


“You might know something about that,” Lynch says. “I’ve been wondering if you’re a pied piper type. Those children hanging around behind you.”


“Spirits,” Delreal notes.


“Could be spirits. Rip 'em out of their bodies, pied pipe them around?”


“I was wondering if you were Fae-taught, stranger,” Delreal notes. “Sit. Talk, share a story.”






Finish your drink and...
2.9.a Decide what you share about yourself.


then…
2.9.b What story do you tell?


…before asking what?
2.9.c What do you ask them about? Or what subject of conversation do you raise?






Downtime, Interlude II


“These are my Boon Companions, I found them in The Dreaming Reaches. They’re trusted friends and allies. I’m Sinclair Sinclair."


“I don’t know what these dreaming reaches are,” Delreal tells you. It doesn’t seem like Lynch knows either. But when you describe the basic elements, it’s Lynch who seems to understand.


“I thought those were pocket worlds,” he answers. “I’ve seen things, I think we had a job, few years back, dealing with something from those places. Told it to get lost, it got lost, job done. I truck in the Abyss. In my grandfather and great grandfather’s days, the Abyss had more of a grip in this country. We dealt with it.”


“And dealt in it,” Delreal comments.


“Some. When needed. Anyway, Abyss brings everything down knifepoints, gunpoint. Seeing those places, it seemed so damn spread out. The opposite.”


[Realms II clue]


Clues from the major Schools category are often used for research into practices and learning or crafting new practices. A bit later, when you have more resources, you can condense this down into a clue for a specific field rooted in a realm- Paths, Abyss, etc.






I got shot twice by a cannon, like from an old navy ship, the other day during a gladiator fight. My own fault, really-- gave him the cannon in the first place. Sold it back to him after I won, too.


The story, while the details about the tower with the little legs sticking out draws a bit of scoffing, does lead into talk of war stories and combat practices. Delreal shows some interest in your outfit, which saved you at the critical moment. They start talking about going with you sometime to participate, though it’s half-joking.


A little less joking, they talk combat practices with you, and mention that as much as the Lord of this city is looking to build a school, this smaller circle here at the crooked pub does teach one another. If you ever need a hand with a combat practice, or if you want to learn something more generally applicable for fighting, they’ll teach you. For cash, or something practice-wise, in equivalent value. Your best bet would be resources from the Paths that have traces of other realms to them.


[Conflict I clue]








Schools of Practice: our Scrivening, Delreal’s, the Lord’s?


“That’s another one I haven’t heard of,” Delreal says, in answer to Scrivening coming up. “I’m trying to think of things like that.”


“We’d foist that sort of thing off on the body thief,” Lynch explains. “So we don’t give it much thought. You might have more luck consulting people with more expertise. Higher up in the local council. Dealing with that, identifying those, it’s not in our skillsets.”


So what is your skillset?


“I deal with bogeymen. Bind them. Preventative. Dealing with that gives me power, I make traps, get bigger bogeymen, other problems.”


“Elementalism,” Delreal says. “We just met, so I don’t think I trust you quite enough to tell you the how, what, or why of it. Put enough elemental power on the table, it deals with most things. The things you describe might not qualify. I don’t know.”


She pauses. It’s almost as if her reaction times or filters are a little slow, as she’s slightly inebriated. She adds, “If you get the bright idea to send that shit after me, I can say this without fear of being gainsaid, I think I can handle it. Even if it’s one of those things.”


What about the Lord or council?


“Other. Telling you about him, what he is, so you can look that up and figure out how to attack him, if you had a mind to, would be a problem,” Lynch says. “He calls himself Kane. Or Mr. Kane.”






Urban Legends?


“That sounds more like my type of thing,” Lynch says, after it’s explained. “You see those with bogeymen. They used to say they were men too mean for hell. That they needed to find a way out. Old texts talk about it. Fighting. Bargains. Promises of sacrifice. And the sort you’re talking about. Where the pull of the story people are telling is too strong for ‘em. So you gotta let the stories die, can’t give them the fame that feeds that fire.”


[Scrivening I clue] [Abyss I clue]


He sighs, then takes a drink. “If you hadn’t bought me a drink, I’d be a lot more sour than I’m about to be. You poach something I’m after, something that belongs to the Abyss? We might have words. Or worse.”


“Make a deal, Lynch,” Delreal says. “Play fair. They’re an eager kid, don’t slap them down too hard.”


Lynch sighs again. “Leave ‘em alone, pass on word, or bind them yourself and hand ‘em over? I’ll agree to keep a special eye out for what you’re after, in other things. I’ve learned what you told me, you can pass on more if you want me to do a better job of it.”






Downtime, Interlude II


Major players in the Area


“Urrraaghghugh,” Lynch groans, leaning back. “It’s too late, I don’t want to say no, but you really gotta ask? Bigger question than I’m ready for.”


“Top few, at least,” Delreal says, counting off on her fingers. “Our Lord, of course. Kane.”


“’Course.”


“Dorsey, warden. Post, I don’t know what to call him. He traveled the world, came back all knowledgeable. Convinced us to let Helm and his wife stay and work. Hmm. Brown, immortal, handles a lot of the darker stuff.”


“You think he’s third?” Lynch asked.


“Talked down an Incarnation of Endings in my father’s day.”


“Huh.”


“Tomlinson.”


Lynch groans. “I guess.”


“Only one greener than her is you, Sinclair Sinclair,” Delreal tells you. “But she has a pet that even our Lord is skittish around and it’s following her orders. Maybe we’ll find out in an hour that it snapped and ate her.”


“It’s apparently old and it’s a whelp,” Lynch explains. “I’ve been asked if I can handle it if it goes bad.”


“Post knows what it is but only told the Lord. After Tomlinson, I’d say, is me.”






Lynch seems to want to say something like that, but begrudgingly concedes. Delreal notices.


“There’s a reason my father was asked to watch over this whole thing. Before we even made the Crooked Pub our meeting spot. The Delreals are strong.”


“You’re bending my brain. Your father? That doesn’t line up, does it?”


“In the last year before he retired. Then he passed it onto me, with the Lord’s blessing. Might’ve been the case that the Lord wanted me to do it and thought having my father pass the role onto me was the fastest way,” Delreal says. To you, she says, “After that... a dozen different people I can’t be arsed to list for you. You’d belong to that list, if I was telling someone else. So would Lynch.”


“She acts like a highfalutin’ lady sometimes,” Lynch says. “Dresses up, looks very fine when she tries, but she spends her time in a den like this and says words like arse.”


“I can walk between worlds,” she says, pulling herself together to sound a bit proud.


“Most of us can.”


“But if I’m saying arse, then I’m dangerously tipsy and I might wake up gainsaid. Spirits!” she holds her drink high, then empties a bit onto the floor. Helm barks out a one-note sound of annoyance. Delreal continues, “A bit of offering, so you might not gainsay me!”


The other patrons barely seem to notice.


“I’m off, then,” Delreal says.


The crowd has thinned a bit. Perhaps it’s only the more hardcore youths that remain, with Lynch at your table and the scoundrels still going strong. Helm sends his granddaughter-wife over with a mop and bucket, to clean up the spill.






You say your farewell, and leave the bar, with an agreement made with Lynch over the handling of future things. You’ll want to give him whatever resources you can to help him identify Scrivening Others in the first place, and you forego Urban Legend bogeymen in exchange. Your pocket is lighter, but you gained quite a bit. Preparing for your next Path, you pull out the other notes that you took down while talking to Gadsen. With some borrowed rope and a hanger from the boarding house, some clean water that Fish brings, and some grass from Rabbit, with a simple ritual, you tie the rope to a hook you screw into the floor- keeping the damage to a gap between floorboards where it’s easily missed, and tie it there. A diagram and a brief ritual roots it here. 




1 
Escape Rope, Coarse 
This coil of rope tugs faintly when moved or carried, as if rooted somewhere by an invisible bond. 


Use: Immediately end a Path and return home. This item is consumed on use. If worn as equipment, can be used at any time, even when an incoming attack is imminent. 




There are other escape ropes with other functions, specifics, and features. You now know the ritual to create an escape rope. It takes a ritual action in downtime, a rope, and 10 cents of materials. It is not very efficient to use every time you want to exit a Path, but serves for emergencies. It’s time to get organized, and decide what you’re wearing, what you bring, and where you’re going.








What do you equip?


2.z.a What equipment do you allocate to the 9 slots?




What do you bring, inventory-wise?


2.z.b You have 12 slots for inventory (13, but supplies take 1). Coins and other grouped items take one slot each.




Where are you going?


2.z.c Which Path? Or will you skip going to a Path and carry on doing things on Earth?








Downtime, Interlude II End


You set your orange herb to growing in the pot. You’ve done some reading, and finish off the rest of the books on your stand. From the Dimestore novel, you recover some morale...


Health: ♥️♥️♥️♥️♥️♥️♥️♥️♥️
Morale: ++++++++X


And have some interesting thoughts about Worship...


[Worship I clue]


While the Wilderness handbook imparts some ideas about nature and some ideas about human's place in it.


[Nature I clue] [Mundane I clue]


Touching the herb to skin, then the edges of a wound, to lips, tasting it, you get a sense of it.




0
Paths Herb, Tumblehigh
When so many of the plants and trees are resistant to tampering, this bit of not-so-greenery leans toward your hand.


Use: Edible. Infects the user with a poison-like Paths weirdness. But if the user perishes during the duration, they can surge to life.






[MARCHING ORDERS, 1ST VISIT]




ENTERING THE MARCHING ORDERS


The diagram drawn, your things equipped, and you turn to your companions. “Clover. Penny. Ready?”


“Ready,” Penny says. “This one might be interesting.”


“Ready,” Clover tells you.


You recite the words from the book your old friend helped you write up. “Hey, hey, yo, hey, yo, hey, yo, hey, yo, hey, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, hey, yo, hey, hey, yo, hey, hey, hey, yo, hey, yo, hey, yo, yo, yo, hey, yo, yo, yo, March!”


The diagram blows out of the side of your room, scattered to fast-blowing winds like a piece of paper in the wind, leaving an open portal to the Path. The edges begin closing up, and you walk through before the time spent drawing is wasted.


You seem to be at the closed gate of a large walled city with cannons on the walls. Booms and distant shouts and cries can be heard on the far side. There’s no Lost manning the gate, and the road behind you seems to lead off the edge of a cliff, to storming water over cliffs. The sky is grey, and casts the water in similar desaturated colors. Wind blows strong.


Muffled cheers sound from the far side of the gate.


Looking at the gate, you find that some of the bricks by the side of it are missing- a gouge seeming to have knocked them free. Looking through the grass, you quickly find the lost bricks. Each is marked with etchings.


It seems bricks lock together if the etchings are put together so the lines that extend along their lengths connect… and put together, they can be placed into the gap. It’s a question of order.








ENTERING THE MARCHING ORDERS


[Brick A] [Brick B] [Brick C] [Brick D] 
[Brick E] [Brick F] [Brick G] [Brick H] 
[Brick I] [Brick J] [Brick K] [Brick L] 
[Brick M] [Brick N] [Brick O]






What order do you place them in?


3.1.★ Come up with the answer in the pq discussion chat and vote.








FOSSICKING BRICK K ON THE MARCHING ORDERS


Fossicking the elements from the brick of the Forest Ribbon Trail into this brick seems to have added effect. Not one, but two hints. The symbols from the brick pour out and give life to the etchings on the one from the Marching Orders, turning the square into a tower, the line into a road, and causing little figures to animate, marching forward.






THE MARCHING ORDERS - I


The gates creak open as the stones are set in place. A parade immediately crashes its way through, as if the gate opened just in time to let them pass. A little dog is in the lead of it all, trotting along, looking a touch bewildered- though neither unhappy nor happy. Behind it is a mishmash of Lost. There are some who look like they belong in a carnival, some who look like military officers in dress uniforms, some who look like children at some holiday parade, and among them are all sorts of oddities- Lost with random objects for body parts, missing body parts, multiple…


The dog hops up to put a flag into your hand. It is blue, and about as long as an armspan, with a tin pole.




Blue Flag
A simple but pleasant flag, good to wave.


Use: Maybe you’re meant to do something with it? You don’t get the sense you’ll be able to take this off the Marching Orders Path.




The music is raucous, though a little discordant, the mood positive. Past this- you’re forced to one side of the street, separated by the movement of the members of the parade. You can see the hill at the end of the street, the winding roads through a Lost settlement, with the parade presumably tracing a route from your destination to this gate. You’re going against the tide, in a way.


Time to figure this out, and perhaps even enjoy the festivities.








THE MARCHING ORDERS - II - The Corridor


Properties on either side of the gate are close to the street, raised up off the ground, and so the crowd is pressed in toward the road, narrowing the parade. It looks like some from the crowd, dressed in various appropriate ways, are joining the parade at the last minute, bolstering its numbers. Lost in bright colors dance and fill gaps between people, and it all looks very natural.


The buildings don't look like they have anything - no signs, no open doors. But the Lost are in various groups. It's likely you'll have to work past a few. Linger, and you use up time. If a Little Wolf is on your trail, that might mean they catch up to you sooner than later.


There's a single Lost loudly complaining about government, a group of old Lost grandmothers chattering, some older teenage Lost in dress uniform, and some Lost kids wearing wrappings of blue ribbon with ends streaming off them, hyping themselves up to dance and join the parade.


Is there anything you would want to try and see while we're here? And look out for anywhere we should be using this flag maybe?


"It's for the boon, I think," Penny tells you. "Something's already been decided, but then you take it somewhere and depending on where you take it, or how far you go, or how well you do, depending on the Path, it'll be stronger or weaker or different. It's like if there's a thing for showing up poorly dressed and it's worth one dollar, and a thing for showing up fancy dressed and it's worth twenty, and if you take the thing to the dock you'll get that many dollars in tasty little fishes every day, and if take the thing to the river house you'll get a weapon worth a dollar, or twenty dollars, depending on which thing it is."


"Penny middle name Dingaling likes this stuff, every time a new idea comes up, she forgets about the last," Clover says. "I prefer the simple boon the train can train with, like the coin."






You have to pass through a group of Lost.


3.3.a Go by the old complaining Lost and see what he’s upset about.
3.3.b Go past the kindly elderly Lost ladies and gentlemen who are keeping their distance from him.
3.3.c Go past the more serious looking Lost in uniform
3.3.d Go see what the kids are up to.






THE MARCHING ORDERS - II - The Corridor


A group of four elderly Lost are having intent discussion about their plans for after the parade.


“You have to do things in their proper order,” one says, primly.


“Of course, of course,” the others say, in chorus.


“You enter, pick what you want, you take your things to the counter, the cashier rings up the price, you pay, and then you leave.”


“Of course, of course.”


“But what counter and what payment? I’m personally fond of the shop with the silver exterior and the copper trim, with a counter of gold, they deal in coin. Nice and simple, and the goods are fine enough.”


“Of course, of course,” say all but one.


That one who didn’t agree chimes in, “I like the shop with the copper exterior and the gold trim, with a silver counter. The goods are top quality, and the price is only one item out of all the things you have. With a little luck, you could trade a branch for a fine piece of clothing.”


“Of course, of course,” say all but one.


The old man who didn’t agree says, “I like the shop with the gold exterior and the silver trim, with a copper counter. It’s so thrifty, once a day, you can take any one thing free, it’s so convenient.”


“Of course, of course,” the rest say.






“I dare say, the best deal of all is blatant theft,” the fourth old woman says, she’s a foot shorter than the rest, plump-cheeked, dressed in different colors. “Today of all days, what will they do? They’ve been told by the officers to minimize violence. They might slap you or punch you or beat you with fists, but I’ll take such a thing for free goods!”


“Of cour- no! Old Narmy Blarmfoot, you are such an embarrassment!”


The rest of the group spends a solid minute castigating their irregular member, before they exhaust themselves. The conversation has seemingly died or been forgotten, and they spend their time watching the parade.






You have to pass through a group of Lost.
3.4.a Stay, and try to overhear more gossip.
3.4.b Carry on.






THE MARCHING ORDERS - III - High Hill, Foot


The parade before you is making its way down a steep hill, and people on either side of the road cheer it along, participate, throw streamers, and are having an overall good time. Steep as the way is, though, some Lost stumble and slide or lose their footing, and when they do, they grab onto others. In the process, they pull other Lost into the parade. It all seems to be in good fun, and the Lost do join in, when they’d been happy to spectate. A big part of this leg of the parade is Lost dancing, elbow in elbow, and in fact, it may be that the best way to ascend is to join in, linking elbows, doing a rotation, and then getting swept up by the next circle of Lost. One circle has white flowers, another has black, and flower crowns and laurels feature heavily.


The numbers for the parade here are smaller than they were in the narrows.


You can ascend by participating.


3.5.a Ascend, dancing. Nominate a clue to put forward.


3.5.b Hold on, do something else.






The Marching Orders - III - High Hill, Foot


Ascending the hill, you meet the group in white flowers that's spiraling down, dancing in circles or splitting up to dance in pairs with hooked elbows. The song ends, and you're virtually thrown into the middle. "Sing!" they urge you. "First thing on your mind!"


The first thing on your mind is, as it happens, roses. Which people find a fine and good topic. They begin to sing, improvised verses, until one gains traction.


"Red roses, red roses, send the right one over! Link our arms and cross our hearts, rose for the love moreover! Adj, király, katonát! King give a rose to the soldier! Give him peace and let him be, rose for return o'er clover!"


The other group answers, "Black roses, black roses, let him pass over! Fire our arms and pierce our hearts, black death warmed over! Împărate, împărate, dați-ne un soldat! Rest in peace and let him sleep, 'neath the field of clover!"




You have the option for the following exchange:


[Rose I clue] for [Grave II clue]




Either way, you reach the top of the hill.




Do you take the deal?


3.6.a
Take the Grave II clue, extinguishing Rose.


3.6.b
Keep the Rose I clue, forfeiting Grave.






THE MARCHING ORDERS - III - High Hill, Top


You dance with the black rose group for a moment, and the ditties and songs are of a sort to override the trace ideas of roses. Reaching the top, you, Clover, and Penny make your way into and through the paradegoers.


There’s a curmudgeon complaining about things, some kids in ribbons getting ready to join the parade, some young Lost in matching uniforms, looking fairly serious, and a man with a cowl and a scythe, his gaunt face bone white. Some of this group seems familiar- did they get past you somehow?


(It should be stated, even if a vote isn’t proposed, you are free to talk to Clover and Penny when deciding between nodes, or after automatically progressing to a node, like now. If you don’t, it’ll be assumed they’re being expected to keep a closer eye out for things that play to their strengths.)


Who do you pass by or talk to?


3.7.a The irate curmudgeon.
3.7.b The kids in ribbons
3.7.c The young Lost in uniform
3.7.d The man with the scythe.






THE MARCHING ORDERS - III - High Hill, Top


What do you guys think happened? Did we get turned around in some way?


“What do you mean?” Clover asks. She looks around. “This seems right. You put the brick with those long buildings down first, we did that one first, then you put the brick with the curved line-”


“Hill,” Penny says, as if you hadn’t worked that out already.


“-second, and we’re nearly crossed that one. That thing ahead looks like the brick you put third. What’s turned around?”


“Is this why I get lost in human places?” Penny asks, pulling the front of her hood down. “Are things supposed to be exactly as they are on words and paper, with no natural twistiness to them?”


“I think you get lost because you expect a road to be a river,” Clover says.


“That too. It would be nice if dips were puddles and the sky was always wet, too, so we didn’t have to dry out.”


The robed figure watches as you approach, the kids chattering.


“Hi Death!” Clover says. “Sorry I didn’t die like I was meant to.”


“I’m a Death, not Death. One with work to do, even here,” he says, his voice somber, words slow and measured out. “and it’s fine. It went as it was meant to. My concern lies with you, Sinclair Sinclair. Your name is not on my list. Had you stayed a few minutes longer at the Crooked Pub, you would have met someone on their way to inform you as to why. That does not mean you’re immortal. Whether you die now or don’t die at all, you’ll be disturbing the balance, an error on the universe’s abacus. Live while existing as you are now, and my colleagues among the Major Incarnations will take issue instead. Allow me to use language better suited to low mortals… sort out your shit. You have some time, but I wouldn’t wait until you complete six more journeys through Paths before you start getting to grips with it”






He pauses, looking up and around. “This place positioned me to punish you. I suppose I must. You did something wrong and that’s why I’m here, and you came up to me instead of taking other options until you were left with me as the least bad of your options. So be it.”


He swings the scythe, stopping short of cutting you down, flips it around, and baps you across the head with the side of the scythe’s head that isn’t blade. “Be cursed. If you approach death before exiting this Path, you’ll have a heart attack and die. Same for your enemies, but you may not want them to die, here.”


“Anything else?”








THE MARCHING ORDERS - III - High Hill, Top


"Thank you for the warning. I’m not yet familiar with many of the terms - can you tell me more about the ‘Major Incarnations’?


“Death, Fate, Fortune, Nature, Time, War. We shape, support, guide, and manage the lived experience of Man and Other. We represent abstract and fundamental forces, that all things die, that life has a course, that much is left to chance, and nurture, childhood, adulthood, old age, conflicts both small and large. We keep these things in balance, and we stand against things that would threaten to run out of control or do rippling or continual damage to collective and individual experience.


“I am a Death, once a man, brought from the brink of special circumstances to assume this mantle and hold this symbol of office. I keep the ledgers. If someone attempted to thwart Death on a large scale, such as an immortal who could live to pass on immortality to his children, who would do the same, I would handle that issue, before it became a civilization of the undying who skewed Death, Nature, Fate, Fortune, Time, and War in their own ways, with their own ripples and consequences.


“In your case, you are an error in the cosmic tally. Small, by comparison, but if left alone, my work and the work of others becomes harder, and the issue could swell to something larger. If you were to imagine the list that Fate hands to me with those scheduled to die, their threads cut, your name is metaphorically crowded to a margin, the essential details accidentally left off the page, or blotted out by a stain. I know why, but to explain to you would alter your journey and threaten other balances. Don’t delay too long, or don’t be surprised if you do delay, but a being like myself forces you to confront the issues at hand. That is all.”


Your path ahead seems split- the parade thins out considerably from this point forward, but there are many horse drawn floats and displays, some unmanned or manned by overworked Lost trying to keep things going. It would be dangerous to try to cut from the vantage point on one side of the street, between floats, over to the cafe on the other side of the street. You should decide if you’re going to keep talking or go.






He seems done with this.


3.8.a Push his patience? (come up with another conversation option?)
3.8.b Talk to the uniformed youths.
3.8.c Talk to the children in ribbons.
3.8.d Talk to the curmudgeon.
3.8.e Move on to the high ground, with a vantage point of the area you’ve passed through.
3.8.f Go to what looks like a cafe, on the other side of the street.






THE MARCHING ORDERS - V - Cafe


So it seems we broke a rule by mistake - do you think we missed some instruction in the rhyme? Or maybe choosing the Grave had the wrong vibes?


“I don’t think we’re in a position to know yet,” Rabbit says. “It didn’t seem to be a big break or a big punishment. A curse is bad, but it hurts our enemies too.”


You give Death a nod and then navigate your way to the cafe, letting yourself in. The cafe is set up to give you a good view of the parade... which is still paltry here- half of the numbers and momentum it had at the gate. Card suits are matched to odd colors- green coins, red spades, black hearts, and so on. It seems to be a small establishment.


“Oh, you came to us first, instead of our competitors. Good for you,” the staff member behind the counter says. “They’re all over the Paths, no heart, no soul. If you’re here it means you’re probably not going there.”


“Food’s free on parade days, but it’s a bit of a squeeze today. We offer a variety of menu items, but I’m afraid you can only get one free item right now.”






Red Spades Cafe


Crashed Potatoes - 10♢
Two varieties of potato crashed into one another with enough force, oil, heat, and separation involved that some have become chips, the rest mashed.


Black Diamond Tea - 11♢
Our rival cafe’s specialty tea, fallen off the back of a truck.


Drop in the Bucket - 13♢
For those without an appetite, or a naturally empty stomach. A very large bucket with a small amount of soup. High walls of the bucket traps the scents within, a treat unto themselves.


Heart Crossed Buns - 12♢
Heart shaped buns, cross-cut to be pulled into four pieces, herb-stuffed.


Meat Loaf - 10♢
Comes on a spectrum from whole wheat to rare.


Rising Dough - 13♢
Baked goods with a levity to them. Puts some spring in one’s step.


Small Flavors - 12♢
Food served on very small plates. Primarily for Lost of an unusual size. Rewards those gifted with a delicate palate.


Steamed Leeks - 11♢
Leeks prepared in our steamer, to ideal consistency.


Stuffed Peppers - 12♢
A favorite of some of our more animal clients and dolled up ladies.






THE MARCHING ORDERS - V - Cafe II


Your order arrives, and the buns are of a good size, each one held together by a small cross of wood, like a crucifix or grave marker.


"There are Paths herbs in these," Clover says, bringing her head down until her eyes are level with the area where the herbs spill out. "It might be a bad idea to combine colors we eat."


"Interactions," Penny says. 


"Best eaten hot," the waitress informs you. "And don't worry, the herbs we use are beneficial or neutral."


Penny licks her lips, eyeing the piping hot bread with the savory smells. "Maybe if we each took a quarter? Then left a last quarter to eat later?"






0
Heart Crossed Buns - G
Hot pastry with a layer of savory Paths herbs in the center. The herbs for this piece are green.


Use: Eat to restore 1 supply. May have a minor beneficial effect. If you eat it yourself, you’re more likely to identify the herb (50% chance). Cools down by the time you leave the cafe, at which point it loses 50% effectiveness. 50% chance it can even leave the Path.




0
Heart Crossed Buns - T
Hot pastry with a layer of savory Paths herbs in the center. The herbs for this piece are teal.


Use: Eat to restore 1 supply. May have a minor beneficial effect. If you eat it yourself, you’re more likely to identify the herb (50% chance). Cools down by the time you leave the cafe, at which point it loses 50% effectiveness. 50% chance it can even leave the Path.




0
Heart Crossed Buns - Y
Hot pastry with a layer of savory Paths herbs in the center. The herbs for this piece are yellow.


Use: Eat to restore 1 supply. May have a minor beneficial effect. If you eat it yourself, you’re more likely to identify the herb (50% chance). Cools down by the time you leave the cafe, at which point it loses 50% effectiveness. 50% chance it can even leave the Path.




0
Heart Crossed Buns - A
Hot pastry with a layer of savory Paths herbs in the center. The herbs for this piece spill forth, glowing like embers.


Use: Eat to restore 1 supply. May have a minor beneficial effect. If you eat it yourself, you’re more likely to identify the herb (50% chance). Cools down by the time you leave the cafe, at which point it loses 50% effectiveness. 50% chance it can even leave the Path.






Off to the side, elderly men are eating. One is missing parts of his body, a giant keyhole in his chest. "You order the Drop in the Bucket before you order the Slim Pickings, that’s how it’s done."


"You’re confused, Mr. Keys. That’s not possible."






%roll 1d6
[3] = 3


"Identify on a 2 (Clover)" [2] = 2


"Identify on a 2 (Penny)" [1] = 1






THE MARCHING ORDERS - V - Cafe III


The bun with the embers herb in the center makes you feel stronger, tougher, taller, smarter, the fuzzy parts of the world becoming sharp... and then it’s gone, as if a certain growth or meeting of inner potential was in reach, then slipped through your fingers. It felt good, though, and the flavor is warm in a way unlike anything you’ve ever tasted.


“Feels good,” Clover says, through a mouthful.


Penny nudges you. You can see. Clover ate the green herb, and it seems to have healing properties. Little cuts and scrapes from her rough play and misadventures while walking through the town are slowly healing. It seems the effect is very, very minor.


Whatever the effect on Clover, you can’t tell, and neither can she.


“Are you ordering anything?” the waitress asks, seeing how much you enjoyed the meal. When you indicate no, she gently shoos you from the cafe. “Then come another day, and hopefully we can give you more treats. Glad you enjoyed, spread the good word.”






THE MARCHING ORDERS - V - Across from the Tea Shop


You make your way down the block to the next neighborhood over, and two things stand out to you. The first is that the neighborhood here has wooden lattices, cross-shaped, standing up at the base of the trees by the roadside, juvenile herbs growing at their base- green, teal, yellow, and amber. They even decorate either side of the black diamond tea shop across the road, which has been blocked off by parked parade floats.


The second thing is that the parade starts here, or- no. There’s sounds of parade elsewhere in the Path, but there’s no parade coming from streets beyond. The parade that you’ve seen thus far started here, thrown together, citizens joining in to do their best to make it happen. But in the streets ahead, there’s nothing, except maybe some disappointed and upset citizens of the Path.


Here, though, in the hustle and bustle to make parade floats and decorate pets, dress up, and make costumes, it’s hard to cross the street. And that’s a problem, because you watch as someone trips over a wooden lattice, and they dump a crate into the road. In their hurry, they decide to leave the things behind, amid the movement, dancing, and stomping feet. It looks like a piece of a marching band uniform, and some minor Pathstuff.


And, as if to just add to the temptation, some sketchy looking Lost come running out of the next neighborhood, carrying a large purse between them. One bends down to grab a herb, and in the process, a handful of Lost coins fall from the purse and roll into the street.






Grab for something?
Chances are rolled independently
Note: if you opt to wait and see the results of one set of rolls, the rest may become harder, or items may be destroyed.


3.11.a
Reach for the uniform piece. It’s hard to tell what part of the body it’s for. It sits in the middle of road: 50% chance you get it, 50% chance you take 1d3 damage.


3.11.b
Reach for a fallen Lost Key. 50% chance you get it, 50% chance to take 1 damage.


3.11.c
Reach for a fallen Lost food item. 50% chance you get it, 50% chance to take 1 damage.


3.11.d
Reach for a fallen card. 25% chance you get it, 50% chance to take 1 damage.


3.11.e
Reach for a fallen trinket. 25% chance to get it. 75% chance to take 1 damage.


3.11.f
Reach for a Lost coin. 25% chance to get it. 75% chance to take 1 damage.


3.11.g
Reach for a Lost coin. 25% chance to get it. 75% chance to take 1 damage.


3.11.h
Reach for a Lost coin. 25% chance to get it. 75% chance to take 1 damage.


3.11.i
Reach for a Lost coin. 25% chance to get it. 75% chance to take 1 damage.


3.11.j
Reach for a Lost coin. 25% chance to get it. 75% chance to take 1 damage.


3.11.k
Abandon everything, try to intercept the thieves. Maybe a 5% chance to catch them, with everything in the way? 1d6 coin flips will occur, each ‘tails’ being 1 damage.






"(Do you grab the uniform?  51-100 = yes.)" [97] = 97


"(Does it hurt? 1-50 = yes)" [57] = 57


"(Do you grab the key?  51-100 = Yes)" [50] = 50


"(Do you get hurt in the attempt?  1-50 = yes)" [52] = 52


"(Do you grab the card? 76-100 = yes)" [40] = 40


"(Do you get hurt in the attempt?  1-50 = yes)" [80] = 80


"(Is shirt common, on a 1-2, or a tier higher, on a 3?)" [1] = 1


%roll 1d6 (It's not necessarily a shirt.  What body part?  Head / Body / Glove / Pant / Boot / Other)








THE MARCHING ORDERS - V - Across from the Tea Shop


You only collect the piece of the uniform, but manage to avoid getting hurt.




2
Marching Jacket
A fine military uniform jacket like the youth of the Marching Orders wear, with lots of little odd embellishments that wouldn’t pass muster back home.


Equip: Defensive equipment, middle row. Grants max ❤️ equal to your highest card chain in combat, max [Marching equipment]. Expires at end of combat. Gives:
[Twirl Weapon]


Curse: Impose [Order]




You pull back out of the way as things continue to be raucous. The thieves make their way, and other items are trampled or kicked, putting them out of reach, or further out of reach.


The herbs that grow here seem to be too immature to harvest- the roots are deep but the leaves come apart when pulled. The thief was injured, which might be why he was grabbing at a green herb, but all that happened was he lost some change.






Grab for something? 
Chances are rolled independently


3.11.a
Try again for a fallen Lost Key. 25% chance you get it, 75% chance to take 1 damage.


3.11.b
Try again for a fallen card. 10% chance you get it, 75% chance to take 1 damage.


3.11.c
Try again for a Lost coin. 10% chance you get it. Take 1 damage.


3.11.d
Try again for a Lost coin. 10% chance you get it. Take 1 damage.


3.11.e
Try again for a Lost coin. 10% chance you get it. Take 1 damage.


3.11.f
Move on.






"(76-100, grab the key)" [69] = 69


"(26-100, take damage)" [64] = 64




%roll 1d15
[11] = 11






THE MARCHING ORDERS - VI - Intersections


Moving on into a labyrinthine set of cross-streets and side roads, you leave the cafe and the little grove of herbs and lattices behind... and the parade. The buildings here block out music, making distant parades muffled, and the winding streets make it hard for the locals to pull together a new parade of their own, like they did in front of the tea shop, down the gate, or in the narrows in front of the gate. You change your gear around, so you’re not too hot.


“I want to watch the parade!” a small child complains. His mother takes him toward the tea shop, where things are more lively. Here, the streets are mostly empty, and when they’re not, it’s pockets of dissatisfied looking Lost. And sketchy ones.


Clover visibly shivers. She looks back over her shoulder. “If I had to guess, I think a Little Wolf just arrived.”


“If I had to guess,” Penny says, “my fish senses say your rabbit senses are saying that because you do little useful things against Little Wolves, being a rabbit and all.”


“Of course of course,” Clover says, jokingly, echoing the old people from earlier.


“And, of course of course,” Penny adds, “the fact you can tell they’re coming could be a clue about the one that’s here, specifically? How they do things?”


Further down the road, a Lost with a hood over their white cat’s head is accosting an older-looking Lost, who is using a walking stick to try to drive them off.


The Lost with the stick, stooped, with a white cat’s head, shouts, “Thief, thief!”


Whether or not you intervene is up to you, but doing so would mean a delay.






Intervene?


3.11.a Try to fight off the would-be thief.
3.11.b Hang back, let this play out.
3.11.c Leave this scene behind entirely, instead of just waiting, and move forward.






THE MARCHING ORDERS - VI - Intersections


The moment you’re close enough to intervene, the two wheel on you. They’re not an old man and a child, but two matched Others working together. The stooped old man swings the stick for the side of your head.






"(Does it connect?  Hits & stuns on a 1-50)" [25] = 25


"(rags work on a 1-9)" [100] = 100




Your draw.


[hand]


[combat]


TWIRL WEAPON


Defend one additional space for every card in current card combo.
Counts as an action in every direction for purposes of combo extension.




You may play two.






(Which one are you targeting?  Cloak, above, or stick, below?)




[combat]




You Attribute Empty, but you don't know what it does.  It doesn't take up a card play. 


EMPTY
Unplayable
???


You have one more card play.


[combat]


The full block avoids damage from the stick and swung punch.


[combat]


Going in order, for clarity's sake... Attacks by both Cloak and Staff are blocked.


Staff blocks the Fish Assist...


Cloak evades it.


Stick hits twice:


Rags dodge once, one hit lands, triggering Teak, and is healed for 1. 


Haymaker connects: 2 to each.


The advantage is determined by number of hits.  2 to your side, 1 to their best.  You get advantage. 


"(Rags, dodge on a 1-9)" [80] [2] = 82


Oh, there you go.


With advantage, you can choose: 
1)  Exit combat.
2)  Draw 2, discard 2
3)  Try for a free hit.
4)  Take a moment to do something that'd break up or delay combat (like drawing a weapon or changing equipment)


MitM targeting...?


(Also vote to go first or second)


[hand]


Pick 2 to discard


%roll 1d6 Fish
"Fish" [5] = 5






Combat Draw:


[hand]


Also, general rules amendment, since I didn't like the 'feel' of it- against multiple opponents, person or group who had the advantage last gets to decide allocation.  Doesn't change past round, but goes forward.  There may be special cases for 'cleaving' through multiple targets, later.


[combat]


You play 2, pick one to play 2 and one to play 1, you play 2, then they wrap up.


[combat]


[combat]


[combat]


Blocked:
[stick]


Blocked by staff, but cloak takes 1:
[card]


Blocked by Hardwood:
[card]


Ditto:
[stick]




Other two attacks are blocked as well.
Man in the Middle secures its target further.  You maintain advantage.




With advantage, you can choose: 
1)  Exit combat.
2)  Draw 2, discard 2
3)  Try for a free hit.
4)  Take a moment to do something that'd break up or delay combat (like drawing a weapon or changing equipment)




[Hand]


[combat]


Pick who goes 1-2 and who goes 2-1?


[combat]


[combat]




Your combo card is evaded by cloak but hits stick for 1.
Stick's punch hits you for 1.
"(evade on a 1-9)" [75] = 75


"(evade on a 1-9)" [47] [77] = 124


Cloak took 2.
You took 3.
Stick took 1.


The enemy decides to try for a free hit.
%roll 2d10
[1] [4] = 5


They draw and use:
[Haymaker]


%roll 6d10
[7] [5] [3] [8] [8] [10] = 41










THE MARCHING ORDERS - VI - Intersections




“There’s a curse! If I hurt you any more, you’ll die!”


You glance between the two Lost, to see if your words are getting through. The one with the glowing leash stretching from it to the circle on the ground looks a little- blank?


The other one doesn’t much look like cares, but both of them look very tired. Maybe that counts for something?






THE MARCHING ORDERS - VI - Intersections


Empty as a curse seems to empty the mind, causing a stupefied delay, and perhaps the Other’s pockets. They’ve dropped something.


(He no longer seems as blank)




Card plays?




THE MARCHING ORDERS - VI - Intersections


"Hey, listen! You’re cursed, if you get hurt again, you’re going to die!” The Lost looks a little spooked. They’re pretty hurt, and they just zoned out for a moment, their head emptied, and that’s spooky, especially in a fight.


“This isn’t worth it, Binks!” the cloaked cat calls out.


“Don’t give up on me now! I won’t fight them alone!”


“If you don’t come at us, we’ll back off too. No more attacks!” the cloaked cat calls out. “And I’ll surrender!”


“Scaredy cat!” the cat with the stick shouts, but he’s backing away a few paces too.




Re-vote the attack options, to make room for nonviolence?




(The splash of spirit water is technically the defensive aspect too)


(The decision point here is if you're willing to take that hit and trust they won't come at you, vs. surrendering in hopes they back off)






THE MARCHING ORDERS - VI - Intersections


The stick grazes you, but that’s the extent of it. The cat attached to the diagram surrenders, throwing their hands up, while the other one backs off… then sprints away, leaving their friend behind.


“Who’s the scaredy cat!? Run away with your tail between your legs like a dog! I bite my thumb at you!” the cat in the circle shouts. “Call yourself my brother!?”


The diagram does its work, restraining them until they can’t move from its center. They sit down, a little sore, dejected, and resigned. “How does this work, then? What’s the fate of Links the Catheaded, now?”


Your friend’s notes on this sort of thing were sparse. You know you have some general options.




Cat Ears Cloak
This cloak has a hood that makes it look like you have cat ears poking up when worn. It’s serviceable.


Use: Fall damage is reduced by ❤️. Your basic defends become evasions, avoiding the attacks instead of trying to brace against them. This avoids some effects.




Stuffèd Pepper
A favorite of some animal clients and dolled up ladies, because the stuffed part is stuffed animal type stuffing. Not very edible.


Use: Grants 0-1 supply (coin flip). Repairs one piece of gear. Some types of Lost or Other might enjoy this more.






What will you do with him?


3.12.a
He’s bound, put into a coma-like slumber, to be pulled out when required, or drawn from when you need energy.


3.11.b
He’s bound but itinerant. He’ll wander the Paths, there’s a chance he’ll be hurt when summoned, and a chance he’ll die or expire by some other means, and cease to be available for summoning. There’s also a chance he gains experience or gets information while free. He can be pulled away from whatever he’s doing to a diagram when required.


3.11.c
You undo the binding. The circle is unwound... maybe there’s a slim chance you could draw it back onto your hand, but chances are good that you’ll let him go and lose the circle.






THE MARCHING ORDERS - VI - Intersections


“Go, be free. I may call on you. And here, I’ll make you a deal…”


You return the cloak and stuffed pepper.


“If you’ll be a guide. Walk with us through the Marching Orders.”


“Yeah. Deal,” Links tells you. “I guess it’s not as bad a deal as some?”


You finalize the binding, the lines settling into fur, which sticks up in spikes, then smooths out. Penny shows some interest in that, but it’s idle, wide-eyed curiosity. Links pulls the cloak back on, and stuffs the pepper into a pocket.


He takes a second to gather himself, wincing, because he’s still a bit beaten up. “You’re Wise, so you were telling the truth about the curse, huh? I should avoid tripping over a rock and having a heart attack?”


“You should avoid tricking people and beating them with sticks, Clover says.


“I guess so. Huh! Or having coward brothers. I know you’re out there, Binks!”


“There might be a Little Wolf on our tail,” Clover reminds you, and informs the new Lost. “We should move faster.”


“If I’m a guide, I’ll guide, which is really easy because this is about as complex as the Marching Orders gets, unless you count the bridges. These are the Intersections, my home district, scattered buildings, twisty roads, and side roads that go nowhere, usually. Mostly it’s for us Lost to get around, between Paths. I don’t know how you’d do it. The intersections are known for the coinage that flows through them, or out of them.


“Further on, I don’t know what there’ll be, sometimes a fight, especially if the parade isn’t doing well. The way things are, today, it probably won’t be a nice thing.






Move on?


3.12.a Move on to the next section
3.11.b We have something else to do here or talk about.






THE MARCHING ORDERS - VI - Intersection of the Intersections


“What determines whether the parade does well or not? It seems like some neighborhoods add to the parade, but here it’s petered out.”


“That’s not something I ever paid a lot of attention to. I guess it’s down to planning? And making the right decisions, and sorting out everything along the way in advance? Today looks like... half of what we’d want to see, at the gate. And it’s a mess in places like here.”


"Death's curse applies to our enemies. You're no longer an enemy, you're a guide."


“You think? But I was your enemy. I sure hope you’re right.”


As you talk, you reach the intersection. A parade float of a giant wooden horse is being rolled down the street, and there’s no clearance on either side. Lost in uniform are guiding the Lost in the streets indoors, and the ones who aren’t going home to the tall blocky buildings are being ushered to the side streets, where gates bar further progress. It’s a crush of bodies- one you’re forced to join.


While you’re there, though, you feel hands grabbing at you. You realize they’re rifling through your pockets.






Priorities?


3.13.a
What three items in your inventory do you prioritize keeping out of pickpocket’s hands? (Items of a type, like cards and coins, are grouped)


3.11.b
What three items are second priority, after those three?






"(Jabbing stick, stolen on a 1)" [1] = 1


"(Creamed Chips, stolen on a 1)" [2] = 2


"(Teal crossed bun, stolen on a 1)" [2] = 2


"(secondary items)" [1] = 1


"(Food pouch, stolen on a 1)" [2] = 2






THE MARCHING ORDERS - VI - Intersection of the Intersections


The pickpockets, with what seems like practiced ease, slip between the movements of the Lost pushing the giant wooden horse, the wheels, and the legs that move in a slow trot as it grinds its way forward. They’re gone, but all they got was your wooden stick.


“It’s only a stick!” Clover shouts after them. “I can find others!”


“Try harder next time!” Links shouts.


You step away from the crowd, but the ones who were reaching for pockets have disappeared into the group.


Reaching a bend in the road, the wooden horse proves unable to turn the corner. It stalls, and after some frustrated shouting, Lost begin to dismantle it into its constituent parts.


“Well,” Links says. “I don’t think you can get through the gate. Up next is the observatory. Doesn’t look like there’s any parade there either, so be careful. People might be in a bad mood.”


“How can you be in a bad mood at an observatory?” Penny asks.






THE MARCHING ORDERS - VI - Edge of Observatory


“Any ideas on what one is meant to do with this flag, Links? Penny feels like I'm meant to put it somewhere before I leave, but we're not sure where or when.”


“On past parade days, flags like that would be placed at the highest point on The Marching Orders, then the flagbearer gets a reward and the parade finishes and they go home. So I guess if you find a suitable place you can give it to crews to put up high and that’ll be that?”


The road to one side of the observatory zig-zags along a cliff’s edge, with a view of the gate and the parade gatherers who’ve grouped up just beyond it, all around the cliff’s edge there. There are telescopes built into more scenic parts of the telescope, some aimed outward, at other parts of the Path, others aimed inward, at the observatory itself- a giant orb with a shifting surface of water, with rock and cities peeking out of the water as it rises and recedes. Crews of Lost are sitting around the telescopes, many of which are dismantled.


But before you get that far, there’s some Lost making the hike toward the places closer to the gate, where the parade is actually happening. They look disgruntled.






Who do you address?


3.14.a
The curmudgeon, an old man who is complaining about the hike.


3.11.b
Some kid Lost who are dancers, parents following behind, preparing spools of ribbon to put on, while kids, sweaty from the hike, complain.


3.11.c
Some young Lost in uniform, trudging along. It looks like it’s been a long hike for them.


3.11.d
Some doll Lost marching along, eyes forward as if they don’t recognize anything, each holding a string attached to an appendage of a naked man, puffed out, spread eagled, bobbing like a balloon at the end of the tethers. He’s mad, the looks of it. Maybe spoiling for a fight.








THE MARCHING ORDERS - VI - Edge of Observatory


"Oof, the last few areas have been getting worse and worse. How do we leave this place anyway? I mean, we have this rope, but is there another way?”


“Like I said, once you reach a highest point, you can plant the flag, and then I guess they’ll take you home? I don’t know how that stuff works.”


You approach the old curmudgeon.


“The idiots,” he grumbles. “No idea how to build a Path!”


“I’m sure they were doing their best, grandfather,” another Lost says, helping the old man stay steady as the path passes very near a precipitous drop.


“Nothing where it should be, and they only got two of the connections right! And what’s more, I’ll tell you-”


He winces, then groans loudly. “I won’t tell you, because my feet are sore, and this is miserable, there’s no festivity on a parade day!?”


He grumbles as he limps along, carrying on his way.






Do you...
3.15.a Try to stick around, in hopes of gleaning more information?
3.15.b Carry forward?






THE MARCHING ORDERS - VI - Observatory


The crews fixing up the telescopes around the observatory seem to have given up, and are futzing around, some abandoning the work to go traipse toward the parade, others watching from the cliffside, while sharing lunch, taking their time with the things.


Only a few telescopes are intact enough to use. The workers don’t seem to care much as you approach one, but that could change if you meander.






Do you...


3.16.a
Turn a telescope onto the areas you’ve been, for a better assessment of the parade happenings there.


3.16.b
Use a telescope that is pointed at the globe.


3.16.c
Use a telescope to try to find pursuers on the Path behind you.


3.16.d
Take the time to try to scale the orb. It looks slippery, and there’s a chance water might wash you off, with serious bodily harm on the fall. You could plant a flag there.


3.16.e
Move on






THE MARCHING ORDERS - VI - Observatory


You turn the telescope toward the globe. Penny surprises you by crowding in, trying to get a view too.


“There’s two focus dials, see? And one focuses the view between your eye and the destination and the other focuses between your eye and your mind’s eye, and if you tweak them and do this and do that, make sure to move the end to point where you’re looking…”


A few tweaks of the dials, and you have a view of Earth. You have to keep your mind focused on a desired subject, then narrow down the camera… but it looks like you can get a good look, from an angle as if you were standing on a building, of any subject. If you aim for a corner, you can see through corners and get a look indoors, too.


Using the Eye of Ivory doesn’t do anything through this lens, but when you look back, you can see ghostly silhouettes around the departing group of Lost with the curmudgeon you talked to. The balloon man being led by strings the dolls carry appears as a tall woman, instead.


“You’re good at this. Do you think you could get onto the globe?”


“I could, but I might fall, just the same as you might. Looks risky.”






Who or what do you look at?


3.17*
Pick your target.






%roll 1d3
[2] = 2






THE MARCHING ORDERS - VI - Observatory


You think back to home- or the closest thing you have to having one, an orphanage? The image you see through the telescope veers wildly, then tilts. You shift knobs, adjust, and the tilting intensifies. When the image resolves, it points to an oblivion that leaves your eyes aching from looking too far, or not far enough, your heart aching from a lack.


Morale: ++++++XXX


You flinch away before it can pull you in any further.


Maybe you thought ‘orphanage’ because you didn’t remember parents, and someone had to raise you, so it must have been an orphanage. Maybe ‘orphanage’ was something in a book you read that you held onto to fill the void you just saw through the observatory telescope. But there was no orphanage, no parents, no foster parents or guardians. No school, no friends but the Lost who told you about the Paths and the places on the Paths, no family.


There’s something missing.


[Past I clue]


This is one half of what you need to access the ‘You’ investigation grid under Clues.






%roll 1d2 (Does Links give up the cloak?)
"(Does Links give up the cloak?)" [2] = 2






THE MARCHING ORDERS - VII - Entering The Canals


You leave the observatory behind you and walk down a short set of stairs before finding your way to a narrow road with a few sharp turns, with water on each side, the buildings floating. The water from here flows off the sides... as have a few parade-goers, with signs of a parade float having… not floated, and a hat suggesting someone had stepped off the road and into water, losing some of their things. Maybe that’s why the parade seems stronger in the areas ahead, walking your way, than it is here, with people marching single-file, or marching in place on boats while others play music or paddle. People on the nearby waterborne buildings are sitting on the roofs or leaning out the windows, cheering and applauding the performers.


Some of the boats floating nearby allow you to step off the road and onto the boat, to clear the way for the parade, taking lazy routes around buildings, up the path, and back again, to drop off their passengers- sometimes straight onto another boat. It’s all incorporated into the parade, and they try to make things fun for those being inconvenienced. To those ends, you have a choice...




Do you…


3.20.a Ride with the singers, for a mood-lifting and inspiring song?
3.20.b Ride with the dancers, for an invigorating jig, and maybe coin, if you do it well?
3.20.c Ride with the children, who had toys and odd things given to them as gifts as they rode with the parade, earlier- too much for them to carry?
3.20.d Something else






THE MARCHING ORDERS - VII - Entering The Canals


With the parade lights, there’s a reflection visible beneath the water. You get down on your belly and reach down to grab it before the parade gets so close you’re forced back or to the side.




2
March Flair
Ornamentation for an officer of the Marching Orders; a braided cord and medal. It glints fiercely.


Use: Equipment, takes up a slot. At the end of a round, if you have advantage, lose half your card combo and either do that much damage to a foe or heal that much. Destroyed if tapped for power.
Trinket




2
Petitioner’s Prize
A piece of broken Pathstuff, ruined, but with something ephemeral still attached to it.


Breaking this reduces morale by -2 to +2, randomly, and may release 0-2 echoes, who’ll initially ignore you. This is also a resource, worth an unknown amount of money. It seems Immaterial based, and... something else?
Resource




0
Path Trash
This clump of trash doesn’t always look the same when examined from the top as from the side.


Use: Can pull it apart to get 0-3 random tier 0 Paths items. Brought back to a workshop or such, gives a clue, instead.
Cluster




There’s also...




???
Snail Lingerie
At first you thought it was a tent, but it’s sexy lingerie, tailor made for a very large... snail?


Use: Not very wearable, would slow you down, and not because of the snail association. Is this worth keeping with you?






THE MARCHING ORDERS - VII - The Canals


The dancers welcome you aboard, and welcome you with singing and good cheer. It does a lot to lift your mood, and ease the anxieties that stirred so much at the base of the observatory, when you were reeling from your lack of history, and considering a reckless climb as a quick way out and away from all of this.


Morale (+3): +++++++++


Old songs from various Paths help provide some inspiration, as well.


[Paths I clue]


You’re carried on toward the next segment of the Path, your treasures packed, your new Marching Flair tacked onto your jacket, your companions happy.




“I live all the way over there, so it’s hard to say until I see the shape of things,” Links replies. “Next is a residential area. A lot like the Intersections. A lot of Lost. Wiggling roads. And it looks like the stairs are after that. Very big deal for the Parade. But they pull from a neighboring area to make it work. Not that that’s always a bad thing.”


“What’s coming?”


You see a fairly familiar group of Lost ahead.






Same vote as before


3.21.a
A group of uniformed young Lost, enjoying the parade while helping to keep everything running smoothly.


3.21.b
A bunch of children wearing blue ribbons, running alongside the parade while dancing.


3.21.c
An overweight Lost with strings attached to neck, wrists, ankles, and genitals, pulled along by wooden dolls. He looks upset and angry, spoiling for a fight.


3.21.d
Narmy Blarmsfoot from early in the Path, is being arrested, looking ashamed while nearby Lost castigate her, periodically trying to explain that it wasn’t her fault, nothing happened to the food or the animals, and she didn’t intend to steal a child’s birthday present... it just happened. By the state of her, indecent exposure might soon be on the colorful old woman’s rap sheet.






On Running Out of Supply


You’re currently at 2 supply. That’s not the end of the road, here. When you run out of supply, you’ve hit a point of running out of food, water, but not just those things- it’s also the general physical and mental reserves needed to continue- those things separate from health and morale. Even with all the healing herbs in the world, there’s a point where one can no longer bear getting hurt or doesn’t have the nourishment within themselves to repair what needs to be repaired.


When you run out, your overall limits are going to steadily and steeply dwindle. That little | at the far right of your health bar will keep moving left. It might even look like this:


Health: ♥️♥️♥️♥️♥️♥️|♥️♥️♥️
Morale: ++++++|+++


If you get hurt or lose morale, even a little, you’ll find yourself fragile enough that you lose a lot. One point of health damage could then take you down like so...


Health: ♥️♥️♥️♥️♥️♥X|XXX
Morale: ++++++|+++


It is certainly possible to finish any Path as you are, baseline, but overstaying is risky, so decide carefully. Growing as a Practitioner, reading the right texts and resources, and finding the right items and allies to help you with your journey can help extend your stay on a Path, and get you to the point you can reach the further-flung extremities and more interesting areas.






THE MARCHING ORDERS - VII - The Canals


“Hello, welcome, enjoying yourself?” a young cadet greets you. Her wild hairstyle and a slightly oversized cadet’s cap with the brim pulled down low helps hide the fact there’s no face above the mouth. “This way, keep the peace, be good, have fun.”


Some others are negotiating between themselves - from the sounds of it, it seems the young Lost in uniform do perhaps eight sections of Path where they march as part of the parade, then three or so guiding people, keeping things in order, four sections where they do this sort of escort and guidance duty, and three sections where there’s leisure. Some don’t want to work certain areas- because there’s no parade at all, or because the leisure isn’t all that.


One very young cadet with a badly oversized uniform is being given a mix of instructions from three separate directions, and every few seconds, the person standing behind him will turn him around to face them, with the one behind getting increasingly frustrated before doing the same. He nods vigorously to everything, his cap sliding around in every direction, simultaneously trying to keep his pants from slipping down, while clearly not getting everything.


Then, before you can even start listening, two more join in, four each trying to teach the kid at once. You definitely can’t catch everything, but you can try to catch on a thread...




Topics:


Hills and Stairs
Stampedes
Wandering Groups
Straight Roads
Strange Guests
Crime
Food and drink
Supporting Architecture
Obstacles
Bloody Admiral
The Big Cheese
Winding Neighborhoods
Narmy Blarmsfoot
Bridges
Entertainment




Trying to listen…


3.22.* Name two topics.






THE MARCHING ORDERS - VII - The Canals


“There are two bridges and two inclines- you’re young enough I wonder if you know what an incline is? No? Hills and stairs, same idea, opposite execution. But as they say around here, two wrongs make a right. It’s a shame they didn’t design this place so the worst bridge is next to the worst incline. That’d be handy.”


“So handy,” someone else chimes in. “Mess that one bridge up!”


“Oh, but that reminds me-” the young uniform tells the boy, at the same time others speak up, trying to talk over the others, interjecting to add their own bits, drowning each other out.




Topics:


Entertainment
Crime
The Big Cheese
Stampedes
Food and drink
Winding Neighborhoods
Wandering Groups
Supporting Architecture
Narmy Blarmsfoot
Straight Roads
Obstacles
Strange Guests
Bloody Admiral




Listen for another (possibly related?) topic?


3.23.* Name one more topic. You might catch something that’s linked between it and one of the two prior ones you picked.






THE MARCHING ORDERS - VII - The Canals


“…reminds me, best chance if you’re taking your leave would be at the foot of the hill if there was something good there. You know the saying, the bullcrap rolls downhill? Opposite. Gold rolls downhill. And don’t take your leave at the area past the top of the stairs, they’re always taking it apart to decorate the stairs, sometimes taking a Lost’s uniform, which is how I ended up naked and guarding a barren stretch of road.”


“…which is how Narmy Blarmsfoot ended up eating her neighbor by accident.” another finishes.


“…caught in flagrante together, which is why you’ll never see the Big Cheese and the Bloody Admiral in the same place.”


“…which is why you should never shit in the tower bell.”


They finish simultaneously.


“Which is why- you!” one of the older youths in uniform turns your way. “You’re not in full uniform. I’ll tell you what. I’ll give you a reward if you can tell me you’re getting all this. Let’s see, what didn’t I cover? Bridges and features. Yes! Okay, with pieces of uniform you don’t already have on offer…”


Four shout at you at once, offering their own rewards. “…weapon on the line…”, “…book if you get this right…”, “…rare candy if you’re following…”


1. “What should you bring to the old bridge if you get stationed there?”
2. “What’s most important to have with you if you get stationed at the automatic bridge?”
3. “What happens if the automatic bridge is next to the tower?”
4. “What’s the point of a bridge, in the Marching Orders?”






Answer one?


3.24.* Name your answer. Rewards are named in order of the respective questions.






THE MARCHING ORDERS - VII - The Canals


“What? No.”


“Why would you take a clock to a bridge?”


“Why would it keep time if next to the tower?”


“Why would bridges be used to keep time?”


The first one turns on the boy. “Are you paying attention? Have you gotten all this?”


“No,” the boy who is too small for his uniform admits.


The group looks stunned, then they take a deep breath, and they start all over from the beginning.


It’s a little harder to follow this time, and they’re starting from the basics of polishing boots and making sure the uniform is steamed and ironed, so it might be a wait.




What do you do?


3.25.a Move on?
3.25.b Something else?






THE MARCHING ORDERS – Residences


House are piled upon houses at the sides of the road here. Fences were erected to keep the parade area clear, and Lost pack the railings, leaving only two clear ways forward behind the crowd. It looks like you need to choose a side of the street again.


“Links, what neighborhoods are adjacent to your home, the intersections, on the best parade days?”


It takes a few rephrasings to get your meaning across. “Oh, the very best? Hm. I think I’ve only seen that a few times. Cafe closer to the gate, old bridge closer to the exit. Why? Is it important?” he asks. “More important, look, on the right side, a two-for-one machine and a money store. And on the left side, a flea market stall and a group of Lost to talk to.”


What do you do?


3.26.a Go to the right side, to the two-for-one machine.
3.26.b Go to the left side, to the flea market stall.






THE MARCHING ORDERS – Residences


Three Lost are busy with the machine that Links called a ‘two-for-one’ machine, a contraption with multiple pipes with steam leaking out. One mans the counter, one runs the machine, and the other cleans. They crash into one another, and each time they do, they exchange heads, torsos, or legs.


“Two for one. Give us two items and one coin for our trouble, you get one.”


What do you do?


3.27.* Offer up two items in your possession to use in the machine.
3.27.a Decide not to, and move on to the money store.






%roll 1d3 (Shirt/crest/other)
"(Shirt/crest/other)" [3] = 3


%roll 1d6 (head | torso | gloves | pants | boots | weapon)
"(head | torso | gloves | pants | boots | weapon)" [6] = 6


%roll 1d10 weapon type
"weapon type" [3] = 3


%roll 1d2
[1] = 1






THE MARCHING ORDERS - Residences


The crest and the leaf-lined shirt are fed into the machine. It grinds, chugs, and groans, and then spits out an item:




0
Not-so-Dull Roar
This rapier has a lion motif. More ornate than functional for combat.


Use: Weapon, A basic rapier,
Grants:
[Feint] [Parry Thrust]
[Thrust Parry] [Feint]


Counts as a [Cat] item or a [War] item, depending on which gives more connections.


Shatters if blocked 3x a combat.
50% chance to shatter if tapped.


Puzzle: [Sword] left & [Cat] right.




"Would you like to use our services again? It will take a few minutes for the machine to be cleaned out, and we’ll ask for more coins."






What do you do?


3.28.* Take them up on their offer, wait, pay 3 coins, nominate two more items.
3.28.a Move on to the money store.






THE MARCHING ORDERS – Residences


“Thank you, come again! Better luck finding the secret and fused combinations next time!”


“Do you think this bun is safe to eat?”


“Should be,” Penny says. “You don’t want it to mix in your mouth, is all.”


The crowd is dense around the money store, and it’s an eclectic collection of Others- not all necessarily Lost. One or two Others look a little darker, carrying blades that look like they were held over a fire and never had the smoke cleaned off afterward. A massive snail with a human face nearly bumps you into an angry looking Other that might be a goblin- though you’ve never seen one. There’s also an Other that looks as though they’re made of gnarled wood, four eyes glowing through the gaps in the wood at the front. All of these Others seem to dwell in one building of the Residences, made to accommodate them- the building construction seems to be skewed to suit different kinds of Other at each of the corners - dark and decrepit in one corner, gilded in another, with stylistic transitions between them in the intervening apartments.


A rotund little Lost hustles, bustles, and moves around a shop that doesn’t look like it suits him, huffing for breath and outlining the offers.






What do you do?


3.29.a Get 12 Reichsmark for 3 coins
3.28.b Get $5 for 3 coins
3.28.c Get a helping of Dark Spring glamour for 4 coins
3.28.d Get 1 ⃟ in Spirit World currency for 4 coins
3.28.e Get one casp worth of moldering blood for 5 coins
3.28.f Get one random Common scrap for 5 coins
3.28.g Get a primordial flame of ambiguous quality for 15 coins
3.28.h Try giving money for an unknown number of coins.
3.28.i Move on.






THE MARCHING ORDERS - Residences


“We might have found something of yours.”


The human-faced snail looks confused at first, then surprised. It speaks with a musical tone, the narrow arms that stick out of the snail ‘head’ that takes the place of its upper body and head gesticulating wildly, face expressive, while the body is slow to rotate to face you fully. “You did!? I lost that ages ago, I’ve been asking around! Let me do you a grace… What would you like?”




Least Boon: Paths always have a bonus item to be found somewhere. On Paths related to this one (connected or sharing clue types), there’s a linked quest. Completing two such quests leads to an advanced version of this boon. However, if you haven’t found the item, your first opportunity to leave the Path has a chance to be blocked


Least Boon: The longer you wait in one spot on a Path, the more protected you are.


Reward Money: An offering of coins.


Power Item: An item of modest value, that may grant raw power. Themed after either the Snail’s home Path or the Marching Orders.


Charge Item: An item of modest value, that charges over time, but usually needs power to do something. Themed after the Snail’s home Path or the Marching Orders.






While the snail explains, in roundabout fashion, what she might be able to supply you, you eat the teal Heart Crossed Bun. It’s too cold and stale for you to eat all of it, and so it doesn’t satisfy, but the herb still tingles on your tongue.


The effect is subtle at first, but then creeps over the rest of you. The colors of your vest, coat, and sword change- nothing dramatic; brown to green, green to brown, blue and gold to silver and onyx. The color of your skin hair shifts as well- still in keeping with your normal coloration, but looking a lot like you spent time in the sun you didn’t, or vice-versa.


You feel hearty, but your thoughts momentarily lag as if you were tired- the herb effects don’t seem potent enough for this to be meaningful.


But the curse seems to have gone away. Something else settles in its place.






What do you pick?


3.30.a Least Boon - Hidden items & Quest
3.30.b Least Boon - Snail’s Shield
3.30.c Reward Money
3.30.d Power Item
3.30.e Charge Item






What do you do?


3.29.a Get 12 Reichsmark for 3 coins
3.28.b Get $5 for 3 coins
3.28.c Get a helping of Dark Spring glamour for 4 coins
3.28.d Get 1 ⃟ in Spirit World currency for 4 coins
3.28.e Get one casp worth of moldering blood for 5 coins
3.28.f Get one random Common scrap for 5 coins
3.28.g Get a primordial flame of ambiguous quality for 15 coins
3.28.h Try giving money for an unknown number of coins.
3.28.i Move on.






THE MARCHING ORDERS - Residences


“Let me see if I remember how to do this,” the snail tells you. “I’ve walked a thousand paths since I was shown. Let me see…”


They touch your forehead with one slick, gelatinous antennae, and you feel a warmth pass through you.


“Can I ask? Where are you from?”


“I call the Turtle Stampede my home, but I live in many places. I won’t be a cliché and say my shell is my home. It’s not. It’s a very big suitcase. But I must be off, I have a partner to show this off to.”


You find your way to a gap in the small crowd at the counter, and put your coins down, asking for the ten dollars.


The man gives you a strange look, then passes you money, taking the coins to his side of the counter before you have an opportunity to look and process.


You’ve gained five dollars.


[boons]






What do you do?


3.29.a Get 12 Reichsmark for 3 coins
3.28.b Get $5 for 3 coins
3.28.c Get a helping of Dark Spring glamour for 4 coins
3.28.d Get 1 ⃟ in Spirit World currency for 4 coins
3.28.e Get one casp worth of moldering blood for 5 coins
3.28.f Get one random Common scrap for 5 coins
3.28.g Get a primordial flame of ambiguous quality for 15 coins
3.28.h Try giving money for an unknown number of coins.
3.28.i Move on.






THE MARCHING ORDERS - Foot of the Stairs


The ‘stairs’ are a set of large concrete steps on either side of a textured slope, with soldiers on either side marching down, periodically shouldering beams on either side of parade floats, helping to lower them down. It’s all a practiced maneuver, and you get the impression it’s a key part of the parade, because Lost are flocking here. Besides that, or because of it, there’s a heavy emphasis on supporting the local Lost in uniform, ambiguously military or police, with a booming voiceover coming through tinny speakers as parade floats are described, admired, and associated with those in uniform. Pieces of what might be a local jail and military office are being dismantled to produce the iron bars for the floats, and decorate them.


At the top of the hill is a flagpole without a flag, and, sitting on a stair, seemingly oblivious to the people around her that might bump into her, is a Little Wolf, wearing a red cloak that has tattered ends that extend ten or fifteen feet around her, the edges burning like they were just ignited and mostly doused. She has messy, thick black hair that looks like it would win a fight against a comb, her lashes are so long that her eyes look perpetually closed, and her smile is a toothy one.


Clover steps forward a bit.


“And here we have the stairs,” Links says, glancing between you and the Little Wolf. “Big piece of the parade, though residents have mixed feelings ‘bout it, since it’s too big a project for our little Path, some say.”


Links pauses.


“I don’t know her, though. Is she…”


A spotlight shines on you. The crowd cheers. There are calls for you to approach, and some are chanting ‘speech!’


“-a problem?”


As our eyes adjust to the light, you find the Little Wolf is gone.










THE MARCHING ORDERS - Exiting the Marching Orders


“Yep, problem. You gotta go, now, and hope she didn’t see us together.”


Links nods, and disappears into the crowd, that is still cheering for you.


Deciding to play it safe, with a Little Wolf this close and your injuries from earlier, you tug on the rope. It goes taut, and both Penny and Clover grab onto you. The rope shortens- finding its original length, with the anchor point being in your room. The Marching Orders and other Paths rush across your field of vision, and then, with an impact that feels heavier than it would be if you’d leaped halfway around the world and hit a wall before slowing down- yet doing no damage, you stop, the world buckling around you, floorboards creaking as they bow into half-circle shapes, before they revert back to their original form. Papers and sheets flutter.


Quiet, after so much of the parade, booming voices, and the rush of blood in your ears, when even the quiet parts of a Path have tension to them. You’re hurt- but you’ll mend some in the time before your next Path. You also have information to sort out in your head, and-


Clover grabs your arm.


Pulling you past a bewildered Penny, she brings you into the hallway of the boarding house. There, you can see past two guys standing outside a door. Links might not have to worry. At the far end of the hallway, where stairwells lead upstairs and down, is a youth, with dark hair that could break a comb, long eyelashes, and a smile with the sort of prominent canines one sometimes has if those teeth are pushed outward while growing in. Her tattered cloak has receded, to be a fairly ordinary one, albeit still a startling red.


She takes a backwards step toward the stairs that looks like it’s going to leave her off-balance, or lead to her falling down the stairs, and then half-turns, hand finding the railing. Then she’s gone, darting downstairs.






[DOWNTIME III]




%roll 3d3 (Clues, part 1, 60% of the Path complete)
"(Clues, part 1, 60% of the Path complete)" [2] [1] [3] = 6


%roll 1d3 (Clues, first binding)
"(Clues, first binding)" [2] = 2


%roll 1d3 (Clues, first boon/snail boon)
"(Clues, first boon/snail boon)" [2] = 2


%roll 1d3 (Self realization/chat with Death)
"(Self realization/chat with Death)" [1] = 1


%roll 6d3 (60% clue tiers, 3 is a T2)
"(60% clue tiers, 3 is a T2)" [1] [2] [1] [1] [1] [2] = 8


%roll 2d3 (binding clue tiers, 3 is a T2)
"(binding clue tiers, 3 is a T2)" [2] [2] = 4


%roll 2d3 (misc clues, 3 is a T2)
"(misc clues, 3 is a T2)" [1] [1] = 2


%roll 12d3 (Batch roll; Typing)
"(Batch roll; Typing)" [2] [1] [1] [1] [3] [2] [2] [3] [2] [3] [2] [w3] = 25








THE MARCHING ORDERS


You completed three lengths of the Marching Orders, roughly 60% of the Path...


[Clubs I clue] [Order I clue] [Order I clue] [Order I clue] [Paths I clue] [Clubs I clue] 


You completed your first binding and freed the Other to walk the Paths while you’re absent...


[Binding I clue] [Paths I clue] 


You obtained a boon from the snail, for finding and returning a missing item...


[Order I clue] [Paths I clue] 


You encountered a Little Wolf, name unknown, who tagged along when you came back home...


[Wolf I clue] [Rapacious I clue] [Wolf II clue] 


And you had a chat with a personification of Death and realized a good chunk of your history is missing.


[Paths I clue] 






%roll 1d10
[9] = 9


%roll 1d2
[1] = 1


%roll 1d127
[68] = 68






Interlude III - After the Marching Orders


There’s no use chasing after the Little Wolf- by the time you reach the stairs, she’s gone out the door. Penny and Clover hung back a bit to keep an eye out windows, and both shake their heads. That’s going to be an ongoing concern, it seems.


You let yourself into your room, and find a small stuffed animal left behind.




0
Card Doll
The doll of a Lost that was gambling before it walked.


Equip: Trinket. While equipped, if you use a card just after a die rolled its maximum result, and cite you are doing so, the card effects are multiplied, if possible, or increased, otherwise. Then this may be destroyed. The larger the die in question, the greater the effect & the lower the chance of destruction.




Penny bends down to pick it up, and pauses, hand on the floor. “It’s warm. I think he was sleeping here until moments before we arrived.”


“Sleeping in the light of the ribbon glass,” Clover says, pointing at the glass in the window, then at the floor. “I guess it was home to him, even if it was also a kind of prison.”




You rub sore muscles and think about what to do next.




How do you spend your downtime?


3.1.★ Let me know when you want to use that Investigate
3.1.a Explore a location known to you.
3.1.b Shopping to go see what’s available in stores (or call the Gadsens to buy a book from them)
3.1.c Ritual, perform a ritual you know.
3.1.d Research, studying a practice to get a sense of directions you could take it, or an item, to get a sense of how it works, if not fully understood.
3.1.e Reading, reading a book to make some headway. You’re best at reading Paths and Scrivening texts.
3.1.f Utilize Intelligence - This works differently now, and is more focused on making guesses and managing your growing collection of clues.
3.1.g Do two different Half Actions to fill one downtime slot:


Basic First Aid - Heal a heart.
Light Relaxation - Heal a morale
Light Socialization - Spend time with someone, observations & maintenance on a relationship. Or go on a date.
Maintenance - Clean your home/workspace, check wards and do general upkeep.
Skim Read - Lightly peruse some material for a 1d3 reading roll.
Work - Earn some money (see your Assets page for how much)






Interlude III - Council


The council meets in a nice house in a nice neighborhood, which isn’t easy to get to, but you make the walk. While everything appears normal from afar, there are some wards against Innocent intrusion by the gates, wards are active on the property, with a gentle resistance before they give way and let you through, and there are staff on the grounds, taking care of the plants and the vehicle in the driveway, who are Other, not human.


A man in a black suit with white gloves steps outside before you reach the base of the stairs that lead up to the front doors, and he ushers you inside, into the foyer, then to one side, where there’s a reading room. Kane is there, narrow, with hair too white for how young he appears, wearing a black satin vest over a white shirt, and black slacks with polished black shoes. He carries a cane but makes minimal use of it.


Brown is not necessarily what one might expect of an immortal. Wearing dark green and gray, he’s a little rough around the edges, built like a bulldog, skin weathered, with muttonchops and a flat cap he’s taken off and rested on his knee.


Lynch is here, and looks a little put out to be present, but keeps Brown company, and the two talk in low voices. He greets you with his smooth baritone voice, “Lo, Sinclair.”


There are three Others present, who are occupying Lord Kane’s attention for the time being. One is a tall, narrow woman with gaunt eyes, with something incongruous to how she moves herself and her body parts around, as if, in the course of getting from one point to another, movements are fluid, her body without gravity. Then she 'floats' at a position she rests at. There’s also an odd man, shorter than average, stocky, with a bowler hat he hasn’t removed and a puzzle box that he configures into the shape of a knife, then scissors.


Around them, a fairy flits, filling in the silences with prattling. You get the distinct impression that Kane and the two Others are akin to very dangerous animals, perhaps a tiger, a tiger-sized spider, and an ape -tool using, smaller than a man, but still capable of ripping one’s arms from their socket-, and the fairy is not any of those things, but would like to be. She calls herself Diasporadica, and uses the names Kane, Crossways, and Auntie O.






Interlude III - Council


It appears there’s some formal council business to cover before they even get to you- in another tone or situation, it might feel as though you’re being slighted or that this is a power move, making you wait. This doesn’t quite feel like that. It’s business, segueing from conversation between the Others to Kane addressing Lynch, holding out his walking stick, then moving it to one side to let Diasporadica land on it. Unblinking, he moves her close enough to rest a hand on her head, just enough weight she’s squished down a bit and stops talking a mile a minute.


“Other preying on locals in the quartermarket. Abyssal. Lynch?”


Lynch nods.


“Lynch has it. Locals in a neighborhood have gone from trials and tribulations in love to plain old love. Lots of it. Anyone? Five dollars, borrow a book, or borrow an item from my vault if you handle it. Lynch, would you spread the word to the crooked bar? And talk to Helm?


Lynch nods.


“Thank you. Brown, you’re talking to Post?”


Brown nods.


“I have a magic item that needs identifying, a knife. If it’s cursed, the person who identifies it can keep it. If not, I’ll keep it and reward them. Anyone? Let others know.”


More nods.


“A quiet week so far. Too quiet. What else?”


The silence is pregnant. You realize that it’s on you to speak and introduce yourself.






Interlude III - Council


“I’m Sinclair Sinclair, and these are Clover and Penny, my travelling companions. I’m a Seeker of the Dreaming Reaches. I deal with solving riddles, especially in regards to that which is not quite fully defined. I’ve brought a gift.”


You offer the perfect key.


“Symbolic, though you may not realize it,” Kane tells you. “Accepted with grace. Ms. Delreal came to us to make your identity known, and let us write off the mentions of two spirit children mingling with our locals. I’m glad you didn’t wait too long to appear. I am Kane, this is Brown, Lynch, who you should know, and several local Others.”


He pauses, sighing. “If you intend to act against any Others within the city limits, it would be best for you to ask and make sure they aren’t of this council and in good standing, and leave alone if they are. Better still if you attend several council meetings and become reasonably familiar with those people and Others who attend. In exchange, your companions get the same protection.”


“We have some active mysteries and riddles. Love with no love lost, mentioned earlier. Some goblins have been haranguing our local fairies, who are mostly polite and do us services of minor charms and distractions to keep Innocence intact. If you earn standing with the council, you should gain the ability to call the fairies to protect an area.”


He sets the end of his walking stick down, making a knocking sound on the floor. “I am not a tyrant, nor a despot. If you all can manage yourselves, I am content to know what is happening and who is handling what. If you can help me unravel that, and keep disturbances to a minimum, then there should be no issue.”


How do you spend your downtime?


3.i.* Add something, nominate a topic of conversation, or ask a question.
3.i.a Express interest in the mystery of love.
3.i.b Express interest in the goblins who are harassing fairies.
3.i.c Express interest in the item identification.
3.i.0 Say nothing and wait for him to continue.








Interlude III - Council


“I’d be willing to try to look into the item you mentioned.”


“Would you?” Kane asks. “Good. It’s up to you, if you’ll choose to take it with you, or leave it here and come visit it on your own. If you choose the latter, you’ll have access to the premises. If you choose the former, obviously, you’ll take full responsibility for the item.”




The Knife has been added as a mystery.




“Speaking of, I should mention that a Little Wolf chased me to Earth. I’ll take responsibility for that, and deal with them ourselves.”


You’re asked to provide some information on Little Wolves, which leads to Kane asking the others if they know more about this. Then he asks you for more details, which you’re unable to provide.


“The sooner you can gather information on them, and whether they’re a threat to us, the better. Provided they aren’t causing disruption or upsetting Innocence, it is, we should all hope, a self-resolving situation. Either you defeat them, or they kill you. Perhaps it’s best you get started with that sooner than later? Let me know about the item.”


Though he’s polite, he gives off the impression that hes somewhat upset by this unknown you’ve brought with you. You might be straining the Lord’s patience if you delayed too much.










With the job you’ve volunteered to do…


3.i.3.a Take the item with you, taking responsibility for it.
3.i.3.b Resign yourself to only being able to take care of the investigation into the item immediately before/after exploration actions to visit the council. 








How do you spend your downtime?


3.i.* Ask something else, raise another subject, or talk to someone else, perhaps at the cost of goodwill.
3.i.4.a Explore a location known to you
3.i.4.b Shopping to go see what’s available in stores (or call the Gadsens to buy a book from them)
3.i.4.c Ritual, perform a ritual you know.
3.i.4.d Research, studying a practice to get a sense of directions you could take it, or an item, to get a sense of how it works, if not fully understood.
3.i.4.e Reading, reading a book to make some headway. You’re best at reading Paths and Scrivening texts.
3.i.4.f Utilize Intelligence - This works differently now, and is more focused on making guesses and managing your growing collection of clues.


3.i.4.g Do two different Half Actions to fill one downtime slot:


Basic First Aid - Heal a heart.
Light Relaxation - Heal a morale
Light Socialization - Spend time with someone, observations & maintenance on a relationship. Or go on a date.
Maintenance - Clean your home/workspace, check wards and do general upkeep.
Skim Read - Lightly peruse some material for a 1d3 reading roll.
Work - Earn some money (see your Assets page for how much)


3.i.4.h Utilize recent inspiration for the Investigate action.






Utilize Intelligence - How it Works


Utilize Intelligence is your go-to skill for managing your clues and general information, trying to connect the dots on what you have, or come up with new ideas. You still retain the ability to take information you’ve gleaned that you feel is worthy of a space on the clue grid, and translate that into open spaces, clues, and/or partial unlocking of a space. When you only partially unlock a space, you get a strike, of which you can get three total. Three strikes, and the utilize intelligence action wraps up for this downtime.


That much hasn’t changed from before, but the die rolls are moved over to Investigate, with some other things added, which will be discussed later. What you do now have, under ‘Utilize Intelligence’, is the ability to manage your clues. You can do the following freely, any number of times:


Upgrade
Turn 3 matching clues of tier 1-3 into one single tier higher, same type.


Downgrade
Turn one clue of tier 2-4 into two of a lower tier, same type.


Shuffle
Turn a tier 2+ clue into one of a lower tier, random type.


Focus
Turn five scattered clues of any type, same tier, into one clue of a type you have, of the same tier as the five.


You may also choose to take one defensive action to counter others’ investigations into you.


Search a location for spies, augury
Question an ally about allegiances
Check to see if you’re being surveilled, hide movements.
Take steps to erase traces of your history
Obfuscate your details- little habits and identifying traits
Move to another location you own while taking care to leave no trail.


OR you may take one of the four actions above with slightly increased efficiency (usually a chance of retaining one of the used clues).


Defensive and enhanced actions are one time only and immediately end the Utilize Intelligence downtime action.






Investigate - How it Works


Investigate involves digging for information, making brief phone calls, and trying to connect dots to decipher a person, place, or thing. When you investigate, you can roll to unlock a space. On a success, beating the target number, you can continue. On a failure, you get a strike.


Alternatively, you can target a space you can access and get a clue relevant to it, in exchange for an automatic strike.


As of right now, if you get three strikes, Investigate ends.


However, Investigate is best at getting certain kinds of information. So when you approach a clue grid, you’ll be starting in the bottom right. For large grids, this is the bottom right tile and the tile immediately above and to the left of it, as initial options. For other grids, it’s just the bottom right tile. Unlocking tiles opens up the spaces above, below, and to either side of them:


[clue grids]






THE MYSTERY OF THE LITTLE WOLVES


[clue grid]


Patterns × Capabilities


Little Wolves are capable of ignoring the hazards of a Path.






THE POUND


[clue grid]


Conceits × Controls


The crowd is most excited by fights won by slim margins, resulting in greater rewards.






THE MYSTERY OF THE LITTLE WOLVES


[clue grid]


Movements × Capabilities


Little Wolves are able to track their targets, knowing their rough locations on the Paths and following them across realms.








THE MYSTERY OF THE LITTLE WOLVES


[clue grid]


The Wolf seems to be the origin of, and has a commanding role over, the Little Wolves. He utilizes them to antagonize travellers of the Paths, but does not care about them beyond that capacity, even taking gratification in their suffering. 


There has to be more to this relationship than that. (Relationships x History cost reduced)








THE MYSTERY OF THE LITTLE WOLVES


[clue grid]


The Little Wolves mirror Little Red Riding Hood in several ways - their penchant for hoods and cloaks, their preference for dressing in shades of red, and the fact that they often appear as children


Yet that's only part of it. (Patterns x Data reduced)






THE MYSTERY OF THE LITTLE WOLVES


[clue grid]


The Little Wolves are known to work in packs, more gathering after one is sighted.


--Too thin for any substantial progress or deductions.






How would you like to wrap up the Utilize Intelligence downtime action?


3.i.4.a Search a location for spies, tricks, traps, and augury.
3.i.4.b Subtly or overtly question an ally about their allegiances, look for suspicious behavior.
3.i.4.c Check to see if you’re being surveilled, hide movements.
3.i.4.d Take steps to erase signs of your history (or lack thereof)
3.i.4.e Obfuscate your details, little habits and identifying traits.
3.i.4.f Take your stuff and ditch the boarding house entirely. You’ll be homeless as you don’t have another place to go.
3.i.4.g Hide your things somewhere.






Interlude III - Utilizing Intelligence


After some discussion with your companions, and serious thinking about all the various aspects of the Paths you’ve run into -especially those enemies that have followed you here- you’re prepared to hammer things out, make some calls to Gadsen, and round out your knowledge further with a little investigation.


Because your mind is on the subject, and because you’re taking actions to try to avoid leading your pursuer to your workplace, where you shop for food, or the council, you spot her watching you. She’s around other children, but separate, cheering as boys wrestle, but her face remains turned toward you, eyelashes hiding the movements of her eyes. You don’t let her know you’ve noticed her, or that you know she’s following.


Slipping into a storefront, sending your companions ahead for a bit, you mislead her into thinking you’ve gone ahead, then you start following her, instead. Your companions turn into animals and slip away, and you remain hidden while she tries to find you.


Ultimately, she gives up, goes to buy food, and eats as she walks to an abandoned building, puts a red key to the lock, and opens it. The door opens to a room with red lighting- and more than one person inside, but you only get a glimpse before it swings shut, slamming with the force of a much heavier door made of sturdier materials, and then bounces open, swinging wide- the interior changed back to that of an abandoned building.


You’ll get access to a free use of the Surveillance downtime next time you get a suite of downtime actions, if you want to. Surveillance is the counterpart of Investigate, focused on watching, observing, and experiencing, and works from the other corner of the clue grid, by different mechanisms. It’s riskier, but can pay off more.


Reuniting with your companions, reassured at least a little that your pursuer has retreated to go to whatever place she calls home, you go back to the boarding house and prepare to do your investigation.






%roll 1d6
[4] = 4




THE MYSTERY OF THE LITTLE WOLVES


[clue grid]


History × Capabilities


Little Wolves, from what others have said, only started showing up any real numbers in the last ten or twenty years. Some scattered handfuls of adversarial practitioners existed on the Paths before, but they found power- or the means of tapping power, in a time there was a lot of loss and bloodshed in the world.






%roll 1d6
[1] = 1




THE MYSTERY OF THE LITTLE WOLVES


[clue grid]


Status × Capabilities


Little Wolves lean roguish - they’re backstabbers, tricksters, acrobats, thieves, deceivers, and/or saboteurs, though a given Little Wolf may favor one particular approach. They favor evasion, and bags of tricks that they call Little Banes, intended to hinder, bewilder, and spread pain.




Capabilities Cleared


You’re getting a sense of how they operate, the tools they use, and what to expect. Hearing stories about run-ins, the tricks, you’re less likely to be surprised. Cards with icons that aren’t arrows or shields in a direction can counter a Little Bane (including traps, if placed over one) if they hit a direction that Little Bane isn’t pointing.






%roll 1d6 (Relationships x Movements)
"(Relationships x Movements)" [6] = 6




THE MYSTERY OF THE LITTLE WOLVES


[clue grid]


Relationships × Movements


Where other Paths Practitioners tend to enjoy unique instances of a Path, only occasionally crossing Paths with one another, experiencing and even enjoying the Paths as personalized journeys for the most part, Little Wolves struggle to do the same, and primarily invade, pervert, and interrupt other’s journeys, instead.






%roll 1d6 (Secrets x Movements)
"(Secrets x Movements)" [5] = 5




THE MYSTERY OF THE LITTLE WOLVES


[clue grid]


Secrets × Movements


Little Wolves each have their own approach for movement and stalking prey, and may appear in a Path or another realm at the entrance, exit, or by some other rule- once you know it for that Little Wolf, you can expect it to be consistent... unless they tag along with a friend.






%roll 1d6 (Data x Movements)
"(Data x Movements)" [2] = 2




THE MYSTERY OF THE LITTLE WOLVES

[clue grid]


Data × Movements


Little Wolves appear as children, often ill-kempt, and like unruly children, they take losses and hits to their pride especially hard. If defeated, foiled, or embarrassed, they’ll usually back off for a while to lick their wounds.




Movements Cleared


Comparing notes with the Gadsens and then matching things to your own experience, you deduce that Little Wolves have an affinity for darkness and night. If you time your departures right, you may put off pursuit.


You may spend longer on a Path before any Little Wolves appear- one or two moves more than before.






%roll 1d6 (Curiosities x Conceits, 5+)
"(Curiosities x Conceits, 5+)" [2] = 2




THE POUND


[clue grid]


Curiosities × Conceits


There are three different approaches to The Pound; the fighting rings, betting, and winning over the Lost who runs the Path, each with three stages to them, each with a different Boon.






%roll 1d6 (Secrets x Conceits, 4+)
"(Secrets x Conceits, 4+)" [3] = 3




THE MARCHING ORDERS


[clue grid]


Secrets × Conceits


Diamonds mark tiles with free things to be had- free food, free advice, and possible treasure.






%roll 1d6 (Others x Conceits, 4+)
"(Others x Conceits, 4+)" [3] = 3




THE MARCHING ORDERS


[clue grid]


Others × Conceits


There are said to be two cornerstone Lost who may govern over the Marching Orders; the Big Cheese, sometimes known as the Head Cheese, who gets a bigger head as the parade gets grander, guarding the greatest boons, and the Bloody Admiral, who savagely maintains order if the parade fails.






%roll 1d6 (Curiosities x Connectivity, Marching Orders. 4+)
"(Curiosities x Connectivity, Marching Orders. 4+)" [2] = 2




THE MARCHING ORDERS


[clue grid]


Curiosities × Connectivity


A gate leads from the Intersections to another Path, that much is clear, but three conditions have to be met before one can use it: the parade must be consistent, the parade must be successful, and one more thing must be done- but you haven’t unlocked or gotten to grips with that yet.






Spending Strike on Others x Conceits:


%roll 1d3 (Hound|Spade|Paths)
"(Hound|Spade|Paths)" [3] = 3


[Paths I clue]




THE POUND


[clue grid]


Secrets × Conceits


An increasing number of wrenches will be thrown into your fights, money gathering efforts, or interactions on the Path by the cornerstone Lost that runs it, but they will go easy on you if you can find out and play to their tastes, which change every four days, when the Path resets.






%roll 1d6 (Others x Conceits, 4+)
"(Others x Conceits, 4+)" [1] = 1




THE POUND


[clue grid]


Conceits × Others


Combat-focused Others and dog-related Others are sorted across the three fighting rings, along with yourself and two non-Lost. One Other is always poised as especially weak for that ring, and one as especially strong. If one has just had a fight, they’re less likely to be your randomized opponent.






Interlude III - Utilizing Intelligence


“Do you have any ideas about the knife, Penny?”


“I’m not the what-does-this-item do fish, I’m the excited-about-deeper-secrets fish, I’m the the-hidden-functions-of-powerful-items fish, or the swims-in-strange-waters fish.”


“And the dingaling fish,” Clover adds.


“And I’m the dingaling fish.”






The Knife is higher end in quality, with no clear delineation between the metal and the wooden handle, which is branch-like, but comfortable in the hand. The wood weaves into the metal itself and fuses there. The metal itself is dark, the blade halfway to being a cleaver, one-sided, almost ore-like at the back, but then sharpened to a keen edge at its length.


Drawing on experiences with fighting and conflict, you’re pretty sure the slightly curved handle means it’s not meant for fighting- practically or in function. From what you can tell, it’s not rooted in any field that has ‘Conflict’ as a common throughline (with the column filled with example practices), nor is it a sub-practice in another field that utilizes conflict.


[practices table]






You’ve investigated herbs, walked the Forest Ribbon Trail, and seen the unique forms that nature can take on the Paths. After some investigation, you find the wood of the handle is growing out of the ore-y, mineral-heavy metal, and may not be wood at all. You’re confident this is visceral, having something to do with earth. You’ve narrowed things down enough to have sorted out one of the two clue types needed.


[visceral column]






%roll 1d6 (History x Relationships, 3+
"(History x Relationships, 3+" [5] = 5




THE MYSTERY OF THE LITTLE WOLVES


[clue grid]


History × Relationships


Little Wolves don’t even know where Little Wolves come from, as the process of taking on the mantle erases their memories and old connections. This is a dark mirror to the standard deal normal Paths practitioners make with the Wolf, to not remember what the Wolf does to them - a possible thread to chase down.






%roll 1d6 (Patterns x Data, 3+)
"(Patterns x Data, 3+)" [4] = 4






THE MYSTERY OF THE LITTLE WOLVES


[clue grid]


Patterns x Data


They have odd habits, idiosyncrasies and compulsions, many tied to very basic things like what or how they eat, sleep, act in public. They resemble Little Red Riding Hood in aesthetic and theme, but the habits and behavior suggest something’s gone wrong with them- or Wrong, suggesting you might want to research darker interpretations of the tale if you’re trying to draw a link.






THE FOREST RIBBON TRAIL


[clue grid]


Others × Conceits


A set of Lost exist off the sides of the Forest Ribbon Trail, with the ability to act when the Axe is in play. By some greater process or filter, Lost find their way there and get stuck for a long time, only able to escape if they can foil the Finder, or get bought out with the coin. They might have something in common, and those with long memories likely know more about the Trail… though getting that information is tricky.






Rapier cards:




(hits RR)




On evade, attack in specified directions
(evade L, dotted hit RL)




On attack, evade in specified directions
(hit L, dotted evade RL)




Replace an already placed attack card with a defense card or vice-versa. If this card is in hand at end of turn, or if replacement card doesn't hit/defend on all listed counts, forfeit advantage.






Interlude III - End of Downtime


You earn $1 from being mindful with your money, using your desk.


You’ve gained some minimal combat expertise and combined two defensive cards:


[shield UD]


However, you’ve pushed yourself to explore new ideas, thinking in the abstract, dealing with dark subjects, the Wolf and Little Wolves included, with new pressures mounting. After a bad night of sleep, in which the Wolf features heavily, you wake up feeling like the cogs and gears of your mind are rattling, thoughts a little slipperier. The Wolf has left his mark on you, and it doesn’t stop at coming across like an asshole sometimes, or a dream of taking care of kids.


You’ve gained a new Bane




UNRESTRAINED CREATIVITY - Minor


When you create something by craft or by ritual, strange moods befall you, and you have trouble bringing yourself to stop at the finish line. There's a 33% chance you'll feel compelled to carry on, taking it up a level in value or extending it to be something else, with all requisite costs. 50% of the time, there will be special costs or ingredients called for. If a downtown cycle passes and you haven't made appreciable progress, you lose half your remaining morale, or 2 morale, whichever is more, and the project is abandoned entirely.






[POUND, 2ND VISIT]




Chapter 4 - The Pound, 2nd Visit


The crowd roars. A fight is underway, and the Jack of Knaves is fighting Gadsen. The fight is already at its end, and Gadsen is clearly no fighter. The Jack of Knaves comes at him, holding two spades -as in the playing card suit- and rips Gadsen’s shirt. Gadsen tries to use some runes, but it doesn’t go far, and the papers are sliced out of the air.


He elects to use his escape rope, and Gadsen is gone. The crowd reacts- booing Gadsen, and cheering the victory.


Things are much as you remember them- without the Little Wolf or the signs of the altered Lost. The fact Gadsen is fighting, based on what he said before, suggests this Path is near the end of its loop, and is approaching a reset, at which point contestants will be shuffled and progress set back to the beginning.


Where to?


4.1.a Go to where the crowd is particularly rambunctious, in the stands to your left.
4.1.b Go to the information booth.
4.1.d Go to the store
4.1.f Go to where the fighters of ring one are gathered.
4.1.g Go to an ideal vantage spot from which to bet on and watch the upcoming match.
4.1.x Go and announce yourself as a fighter for the next round.








Chapter 4 - The Pound, 2nd Visit


As you approach the location to fight, you have a view of who’s waiting. Gadsen are out, the Tower is unlikely, and two combatants look especially fresh.


The Dog Eared Book favors special techniques, with her book as a sturdy if limited shield, but is flimsy when the shield is bypassed. A likely damage race. The crowd is sympathetic to her.


The Pencil Pusher pushes a spear-like pencil, his weapon not especially sharp, while his mind is. His attack and damage isn’t much, but his utility and tactics are great. Disliked for his personality/style.


It’s going to be one of those two. Are you prepared?


Final preparations?


4.1.★ Changes to gear, preparations? Anything to do first?
4.1.b Approach, to see who your opponent is, make your bets, and pick your challenges.






Which options do you take for the challenge game?


4.2.~ Herb Studded Battlefield - The player who played the most defensive pips at round end picks one of four herbs to consume. Player who played the most offensive pips one to give to the opponent. Evasive cards count as 2x of each. - Fixed (Each arrow or damage dealing icon is an offensive pip, each shield or other damage preventing icon is defensive)


4.2.a Opponent removes a random piece of gear (armor or weapon). -1 Per


4.2.b You start partially exhausted (3 random cards moved from deck to discard). +1


4.2.c Dog crap studs your side of the battlefield (minor trap cards). +1


4.2.d Start with random piece of equipment- one with a cost or tradeoff. You must wear/carry it into the fight. You keep it after. +2


4.2.e Two foes fight you, rewards are multiplied by how long you stick it out (x1, x2, x3 at 3rd round), you win automatically if you reach round 4 alive.






%roll 1d46 (Nature of tradeoff)
"(Nature of tradeoff)" [30] = 30


%roll 1d8 gear type
"gear type" [7] = 7


%roll 3l12
[3] (8) (8) = 3


%roll 1d10 (What gear do you lose? 10= weapon)
"(What gear do you lose? 10= weapon)" [4] = 4


%roll 1d10 (What gear does the opponent lose? 10= weapon)
"(What gear does the opponent lose? 10= weapon)" [1] = 1






Chapter 4 - The Pound, 2nd Visit


“At the left gate, we have Sinclair Sinclair, who toppled the tower with a flip of a coin! At stage right, we have the Pencil Pusher, an accountant from upstairs, fighting for the prize of getting one week off to marry The Windlass and take her on a vacation!”


From the booing, it seems the Windlass has a few admirers who don’t want her dating him.


“They’ve picked their challenges, and they’ve each stripped each other of one piece of gear! From Sinclair, a fine jacket from the Marching Orders. From the Pencil Pusher, his glasses!”


“And Sinclair Sinclair, for the second time in a row, has taken our intermediate challenge. They’ll be carrying this! From a rapparee duelist who took a gamble on the Knife’s Edge and lost! Not bad for right now, but Sinclair Sinclair might be regretting it tomorrow… or next week!”




3 
Spoiled Horn
It belonged to a ruthless duelist from a lawless place, who twisted the rules to his ends. A spoon, carved out of horn.


Equip: Trinket. Get effects of coup, claim, or rewards of a fight early, or steal something at the outset (50% equipment, 50% consumable). You lose karma per combat round, gain 1-2 karma back if you kill your enemy.






%roll 1d2 (Gear/consumable)
"(Gear/consumable)" [2] = 2


%roll 1d5
[4] = 4


%roll 1d100
[2] = 2






0
Chewed Up Papers: Juggler


Various papers from Paths related events. There are images of Jugglers on them?


Use: Can spend at any time for 1-2 clues, some Path related. If used in relation to something tied to the title image, instead grants a basic hint in addition to the clues.
Consumable.






[hand: card (hit D, shield R), friend’s boon, Axe Coin, Wide Right (hits UR), Side Kick (hits DL), Uppercut (hits UU), Fish Assist]






As the fighter with the fewer number of fights, which do you choose?


4.3.a Start Combat
4.3.b Go second






%roll 1d2 (Distance)
"(Distance)" [1] = 1




You draw this, to replace coin:


On attack, evade in specified directions
(hit L, dotted evade RL)






[combat: we played coin, coin 1 space from left on their side]






%roll 1d4 (direction)
"(direction)" [4] = 4


%roll 1d3
[2] = 2






[combat: Pencil Pusher played Write Off, shield RL, coin 3 spaces from left, our side, hits RRR, X on L]




WRITE OFF


Parry all instances of damage from one named weapon type: “Coin.” Lasts until you lost advantage




%roll 1d2+2 (Distance)
"(Distance)" [1] + 2 = 3




[combat: we played Uppercut (hits UU), Wide Kick (hits DL), coin 5 spaces from left on their side]


[combat: Pencil Pusher played High Jab (hits U, shields D), block (shields URDL)]


[combat: we played a card (hits D, shields R), Fish Assist]


[combat: Pencil Pusher played High Jab (hits U, shields D)]




Pencil Pusher's Pocket Protector trinket breaks the advantage tie!
He'll draw +2 and discard 2.
Pencil Pusher takes 2, Uppercut.
Wide Kick is blocked (Defensive card blocks left, High Jab blocks low)
High Jab strikes for 1.
Defensive Kick is blocked (All round defense)
Fish Assist is blocked (High jab)
High jab strikes for 1.
(No loose red's rags to evade with)
You'll redraw a full hand with the fish play.


%roll 1d6 (Fish upgrade?)
"(Fish upgrade?)" [3] = 3


%roll 1d3 coin distance
"coin distance" [3] = 3


%roll 1d4 coin direction
"coin direction" [3] = 3




[hand: Corner Fighting, Fish Assist, Plant Feet, Hardwood, block RL, block UD, block UD]






%roll 4d10
[4] [5] [8] [7] = 24


%roll 2d3
[1] [1] = 2






Chapter 4 - Fight, Round 1 End


The herb colors this round are Green, Blue, Black, and Purple.


The Pencil Pusher has the option of taking one, because he maneuvered to a good spot (most defensive pips played) and grabs a green herb, stuffing it into his mouth. He’ll regenerate... only 2 health.


You played more offensive pips. You can pick one to kick into his face.


As the fighter with the fewer number of fights, which do you choose?


4.4.a Blue
4.4.b Black
4.4.c Purple






Chapter 4 - Fight, Round 1 End


You whip the black herb at him. He shrugs it off- it didn’t seem to do anything too negative.






[combat: coin 3 spaces from left, our side, hits DDDDD, X on D]






Karma - How it Works


Karma is, along with health, morale, and supply, one of those background elements you’ll likely be trying to manage, where getting to zero can spell your demise - 0 health means you die, 0 morale means you take on penalties, 0 supply means you’ll slowly starve, and 0 karma means things become untenable.


Karma exists on a sliding scale. It’s usually invisible, and changes if you unintentionally lie or break a rule of decorum, but if you’re in a position to see it, it might appear like this:


[karma scale]


Low karma can impact the choices available when you’re making selections, how people may react to you, and can introduce a chance of critical failure or disaster on a low roll, with the die size this can happen with being determined by the karma. Normally this is a rolled 1, but if you’re gainsaid it can be a 1-2 or 1-3. If you’re forsworn, it can be a 1-5.


[karma scales]


Low roll on a d100
Low roll on a d100 to a d10
Low roll on a d100 to a d8


High karma can introduce the same, but in the other direction.








Chapter 4 - Fight 1 End


You throw up your hands and offer surrender. The Pencil Pusher accepts.
The coin is still hurtling through the air, and you’re forced to fend it off twice more before you’re in a position to catch it. The Arena heals you the mild harm that awkward catch does.


Health: ♥️♥️♥️♥️♥️♥️♥️♥️♥️
Morale: +++++++++


The Pencil Pusher takes his glasses back, as well as his papers and then claims his reward- roughly eight coins, when taking yours plus his own bet.
The crowd isn’t especially enthused, and there’s no bonus coins for doing well or a good fight. Instead, they throw trash.




0 
Wrong Foot
It looks like a Lost was supposed to manifest, but something went wrong. There’s only a semi-animate foot.


Use: This is a resource, worth an unknown amount of money. It could be Realms based, and...? something else? It could potentially work as a very iffy prosthetic.




0 
Six of Escapes
Card: A young wizard in a house where furniture hangs from ropes above a void, drawing the ‘escape rope’ diagram on the furniture and walls.


Use: Used on the Paths, function unknown. There’s a variety of cards out there, with an underlying logic, and apparently you can collect hands of cards to great effect. Good luck!




0 
White Marble Heart
It seems a lot of energy was channeled into a Lost and it detonated- leaving a faintly glowing heart fused to some ribs.


Use: This has no direct use. This is a resource, worth an unknown amount of money. It could be Divine based, and...? something else?




Watching until the trash stops falling, the Pencil Pusher says, “Pick one. I’ll take two because I won, how’s that?”






Pick?


4.5.a Wrong Foot
4.5.b Six of Escapes
4.5.c White Marble Heart
4.5.* Try negotiating.








Chapter 4 - Post-Fight


You take the card.


“You’re free to enter ring two, Pencil Pusher!” the announcer calls out, while the crowd grouses and occasionally boos.


He nods, but he motions you toward the gathering of other contestants. “Want to chat? I got to see you fighting the other day, I customized my approach, got a new pencil, just for you and that fellow whose name I can’t remember. I had a ‘file return’ trick in case you tried to fling something at me like you did with the tower.”


He shrugs, pencil resting against his shoulder. “Anyway. The top dog isn’t one that likes me much, he’s more of a bulldog type, today. So I’m going to keep my access to ring two. I’m not going to push to try to finish by the end of day. You can keep access between loops if you earn it, but it’s obviously better if you do a full run... that’s not me, though. Either way, I’ve got time, or I can leave you alone, if you want.”


Pick?


4.6.y Chat
4.6.a Go to where the crowd is particularly rambunctious, in the stands to your left.
4.6.b Go to the information booth.
4.6.o Go to the store
4.6.f Go to where the fighters of ring one are gathered.
4.6.g Go to an ideal vantage spot from which to bet on and watch the upcoming match.
4.6.x Go and announce yourself as a fighter for the next round.






Chapter 4 - Post-Fight


“You really had my number in that fight! I’m still new to the Pound, if you have any tips for me I’d appreciate it in my future competitions.”


“Depending on how far you go, and how fast, you might be my future competition,” he says, very seriously. “I’m not sure what to say. I like to watch, study opponents. That other practitioner was the same, but he got unlucky, he fought the Jack of Knaves, and I think I might be the only one stronger than him. Besides that, I guess use all the tools at your disposal? Round by round, the fixed gimmick for the arena shifts- always related to the one before, but different. So in this next fight, it’ll be herb related, or positioning related. Time your fights well. That’s what I did.”


“I wanted to ask about the boy who attacked the other day. I’m going to be traveling, and there’s a value in knowing what’s going on. Your types went from calling yourselves wise to calling yourselves practitioners, calling this the Dream, now that new fellow whose name I can’t remember is calling it the Paths. Now they’re kicking up a fuss. Most don’t mind, seemed like they had a right to, but some, who have bigger plans, like weddings and honeymoons, do mind. Or wonder.”






Pick?


4.6.y Chat more
4.6.a Go to where the crowd is particularly rambunctious, in the stands to your left.
4.6.b Go to the information booth.
4.6.o Go to the store
4.6.f Go to where the fighters of ring one are gathered.
4.6.g Go to an ideal vantage spot from which to bet on and watch the upcoming match.
4.6.x Go and announce yourself as a fighter for the next round.






Chapter 4 - Post-Fight


“I met a fellow on the Forest Ribbon Trail who has some troublemakers working for them. Dangerous types who know the Dreaming Reaches well enough to be difficult. They tend to chase after people like me and can ignore the rules of this place to do so. Be careful around them though, I think some of them like the boy from last time can target and turn Lost as well. Some more tips I’ve learned...”


“That’s life, isn’t it?” the Pencil Pusher asks, as you tell him to be careful. “Being ‘turned’? How you act around children is different from how you act at a riddle station, which is different from how you act with friends. If that wall burst and a swarm of smile-snarling nods came tearing through, you’d be alert, tense, aggressive. Anyone would. People here might hate me, but they’d walk away thinking I did a fine job and was very acceptable, even if I was covered in viscera, blood, and slimed subconscious after spending the last few minutes killing. Objectively, that’s odd, isn’t it? Am I making sense?”


He shifts position, sitting. Some of the others are listening, too.


“We move through different frames, depending on where we are. Sometimes we’re bid to step into a frame. So if he uses a piece of cracked red tile to change me, that’s the fact of it, and I’ll be as I must and I imagine I’ll do a fine job of it, then I’ll carry on. You should reserve your cautions and carefuls for yourself.”


You exchange more words, and offer more information.


“Thank you for the information. That’s something I can pass to others.”






“If you are around when they next visit, I would very much appreciate some help against them, and owe you a good favour after. We’ll do well to work together to try and rid the Paths of this threat.”


“They have a right to be here and to act as they do. Sometimes people speak of law with emphasis and a certain meaning, calling it Law. I’ve paid some attention to that, to secure my position-”


He taps his pocket procector.


“-But Law is on their side, and to upset it or, perhaps, if I were to go to what I said earlier, to reframe things, it might upset that Law. How far does that extend? Their power might come from the Wolf, as you suggest, and the Wolf leaves distinct impressions wherever she goes- things get built off those impressions, as do webs of behavior. Is that something you want to upset? If you expect people to act against these Little Wolves on principle, then you might find the same principles that let you wander and practice are upset or changed in turn.”


“It makes sense,” the dog-eared book says.


“I worry sometimes that I use too many words to say something simple,” the Pencil Pusher says to her, and to you. “You can expect friends to support you against them, but I wouldn’t expect Lost as a whole to push back against them. Even if you managed it, it would cost.”






Pick?


4.6.y Chat more?
4.6.a Go to where the crowd is particularly rambunctious, in the stands to your left.
4.6.b Go to the information booth.
4.6.o Go to the store
4.6.f Go to where the fighters of ring one are gathered.
4.6.g Go to an ideal vantage spot from which to bet on and watch the upcoming match.
4.6.x Go and announce yourself as a fighter for the next round.






Chapter 4 - Vantage Point G


You say your farewell, wish him luck, and ascend the stairs to a vantage point, where some Lost are watching and bookies are taking bets.


The Dog-Eared Book returns, a girl with an oversized book- which may in fact be the actual Lost, with the girl as a supporting prop, talking for it and carrying it about.


The Boy in the Tower returns, sporting the murder cannon picked up after your prior match. He's also picked up two additional crows, but you're not sure how that helps.


The fixed arena element, someone explains, is that there are vents for fire, earth, air, and water. They'll randomly light up with red or blue lights before the contestants, based on how they've positioned themselves (same rules as you experienced) choose: do they stand in a stream of something positive, or pursue the offense and turn a negative vent against their foe.


"The Dog Eared Book is going dictionary-style today," someone says.


"He's got the birds as crew. That's key."


"People in the stands," Pound management addresses you- it's a teenage Lost with a pile of puppies for a head, wearing the employee uniform with an apron. She has a clipboard, and another Lost pushes a cart of herbs in bouquets behind her. "One of the challenges is herb throwing. Support your favorite contestant. You can keep what you don't throw. If you have the most herbs, you'll have them all confiscated, thank you very much. If you have the least, that's great vigor, we have several Houndstooth pieces of clothing as prizes."


"Ask if you want to know what these do," a Lost tells you. "Especially if you're throwing them at the Dog Eared Book."


"What? She's the favorite to win!"


Discussion is back and forth, hard to follow, and enthusiastic.


You've got one coin to bet with. It looks like players are bartering with random items, too.






Pick?
4.7.a
Bet your one coin for a single, simple victory, on the Dog Eared Book. Win 2 if she wins.


4.7.b
Bet your one coin for a single, simple victory, on the Boy in the Tower, potentially winning 3 if he wins.


4.7.c
Bet your coin for the Dog Eared Book winning within 3 rounds. Win 4.


4.7.d
Bet your coin for the Boy in the Tower winning within 3 rounds. Win 6.


4.7.e
Bet that the Dog Eared Book will win, risking your coin. Win your coin back, chewed papers, and a piece of wall art of a great Lost treasure.


4.7.f
Bet that the Boy in the Tower will win, risking your coin. Win a tall hat.


4.7.*
Offer items for bidding along with a bet. (Name your offered items)






Chapter 4 - Vantage Point G


You offer up the spoon, and there’s some interest. Some people are taking bets.


The two best offers:


4.8.a
Someone’ll take your offer of the spoon - if the Dog Eared Book wins, they get the spoon. If the Boy in the Tower wins, you get 3 coins.


4.8.b
Someone else is offering a bag of five things from the Paths.








%roll 1d100 (Winner? 1-40 is BiT, 41-100 is DEB)
"(Winner? 1-40 is BiT, 41-100 is DEB)" [69] = 69


%roll 3d10 Herb Selection
"Herb Selection" [2] [4] [9] = 15


%roll 3d5 "Herb type"
""Herb type" [1] [2] [5] = 8






Chapter 4 - Vantage Point G


You make your bets - the spoon for the bag of things, one coin on the boy in the tower.


The match begins, and both contestants begin squaring off, defenses up, moving carefully until the Dog Eared Book, held up like a shield, slams into the wall, and the two negotiate for positioning. When they separate, the cannon blasts -the sort of shot you saw before- and is entirely defended.


Every movement of the Dog Eared Book comes with a letter, floating in air. She strings together 'N-E-S-T', and one manifests. Crows assist her, taking over the fighting while she steps back, spelling out more.


The vents get used, and the boy in the tower uses wind to his benefit, gaining some evasion as he gets very airborne, legs flailing at the bottom of the tower, before landing, and somehow not snapping beneath the added impact on top of the weight. She, for her part, turns a flame geyser onto him.


She’s winning, as the round draws to a close. Birds harry him and his rooks, though wind still lets him evade, but it’s a lot, and the flame is turning up the heat, even for a Lost with walls of stone all around him.


Hurrying, staff hand out the herbs. You have three bushels, one looks a step above the rest, with a milky white flower reaching out the top. The guy beside you quickly informs you…


Orange Herb - “That’s confabulation-”
Green Herb - “...regeneration, and-”
White Flower - “...well, you should know what that means. Use with care!”


You can keep them or throw them, depending, and should choose targets for each you do throw.






%roll 1d100 (Winner? 1-40 is BiT, 41-100 is DEB)
"(Winner? 1-40 is BiT, 41-100 is DEB)" [69] = 69


%roll 3d10 Herb Selection
"Herb Selection" [2] [4] [9] = 15


%roll 3d5 "Herb type"
""Herb type" [1] [2] [5] = 8






Chapter 4 - Vantage Point G


Herbs land around them, but maybe because you’re a guest to the Paths, yours seem to have more impact, or break ties when a roughly equal number land on each… maybe with more beneficial herbs landing on the Dog Eared Book.


Green regenerates- you knew that already. But ‘Confabulation’ might mean something else on the Paths. Because it makes things grow out of her- toy blocks, ribbons, a knife. In the process, it patches up some of the damage the book itself has taken, while she remains the same. Some of the items fall, some remain as patterns or protrusions.


The fight continues- another skirmish. The birds seem to offer some utility, sent out in a safe moment when he’s secure in his defense, then flying around. When he tips over or when he needs something, they right him. One even grabs a red herb and flies it into the Dog Eared Book’s face.


But they’re a limited resource. He’s only got so much in the way of resources. She spells out ‘Qu-A-R-T-Z’ and slams him with a large chunk. Then she reaches for a sand spout- it’s too big to move, warped by the knotting. If she could have aimed it, it might’ve rolled him right out of the arena. Refreshing water drips down on her from vents above.


You’re handed two more herbs. One is an ordinary red herb. The other stands out, a fern-like herb, but one that twists and twines around your hands. In the spaces between fronds, things look weird, as if there’s a heat shimmer. Strands reach for the vents that are still growing and magnifying.






%roll 1d10-5
[8] - 5 = 3


%roll 2d3
[3] [1] = 4






Chapter 4 - Vantage Point G


The red herb works its effects, making bubbles peel off and float away from blood vessels, steam, and holes appearing- nothing major, but it adds up and it weakens her. At the same time, however, the strange herb is more chaotic than that- flesh ripples and binds together in places, resembling scar tissue in whorls and whimsical patterns, but there’s more flesh. More raw strength.


All in all it seems you break even on the herb front.


The fighting continues, and the Dog Eared Book spells out ‘Z-I-P-P-Y’, accelerates in speed, and with a swing of her book, topples the tower. From there, she manages to roll him into the way of a vent that spews ice wate, rolling him faster. As the crowd roars, you can’t tell if he’s out because of a ring out, surrender, or some other qualifier. The Boy in the Tower has lost.


Your coin and the spoon carved out of horn are forfeit.






Where to?


4.1.a Go to where the crowd is particularly rambunctious, in the stands to your left.
4.1.b Go to the information booth.
4.1.o Go to the store
4.1.f Go to where the fighters of ring one are gathered.
4.1.g Stay at the vantage spot to watch the upcoming match.
4.1.l Go to the guarded gate.
4.1.x Go and announce yourself as a fighter for the next round.






Field Notes


☐ HAVE


Observations from the field, from various Finders, in brief. This is an easy text to throw together, and it’s never a waste of time to read, if you have any interest in the Paths. Every copy of Exploration Notes is standalone, and gives benefits when read.


TABLE OF CONTENTS


☐ ☐ ☐ ☐ ☐ Gives 1d3 random Paths-related clues, Tier 1-2.


☐ ☐ ☐ ☐ ☐ A fact about the Path the Field Notes are for, suitable for its clue grid.


☐ ☐ ☐ ☐ ☐ Background: Paths Fundamentals - Gives you 1 reading progress in all new Paths related books you pick up. Gives 1d6 progress spread across texts on your bookshelves/reading desk when you finish a Path. This background improves when 3, 5, 7, 9, 11, and 12 different Field Notes have been read.


Read: 0


To Craft Your Own: 3 facts from a clue grid of a Path you’ve explored and two different Tier II clues for the same. An easy seller for some change.






TEXT


Between Ernst and Berrycloth


☐ HAVE


A witty correspondence between two titular Paths Practitioners of the turn of the century, sharing observations, useful for the details, and also illuminating in terms of the terminology and channels they use.


TABLE OF CONTENTS


☐ ☐ ☐ ☐ ☐ Gain 1d3 random Paths-related clues, Tier 1-2.


☐ ☐ ☐ ☐ ☐ Gain Correspondent - Allows you to pen a letter to a fellow practitioner using the light socialization option. Tap for thoughts about a Path or something unidentified. They’ll get back to you in time with a hint, off by ruling something out. 50% to untap following a Path.


☐ ☐ ☐ ☐ ☐ Get 1d3 random Paths-related clues, tier 2-3.


☐ ☐ ☐ ☐ ☐ Background: Penship - Gain additional options (advance looks, etc.) or lower prices from distant sources of books. When correspondents get back to you (untap), get 1d3 scattered reading progress, a clue, or a low-value gift.






TEXT


A Curiosity in Ivory, A Conceit in Horn


☐ HAVE


An examination of the philosophy of how Paths are seen and described, the language and interpretations employed.


TABLE OF CONTENTS


☐ ☐ ☐ ☐ ☐ Gain 1d3 random Paths-related clues you already have, tier 1.


☐ ☐ ☐ ☐ ☐ Gain 2d4 random Paths-related clues you don’t have, tier 1-2.


☐ ☐ ☐ ☐ ☐ Discount a random node on each Paths-related clue grid you have access to (max 5)


☐ ☐ ☐ ☐ ☐ Gain 1d3+1 random Paths-related clues, tier 1-3.


☐ ☐ ☐ ☐ ☐ Background: Conceit & Curiosity - You automatically unlock the Conceit x Curiosity node on all Path related clue grids. For each one already unlocked, get a [Paths I] clue.






TEXT


A Command of Coin


☐ HAVE


Named for one of the great coin collections, a 'command’. Outlines the different arrangements of coins and their values, the different types of coin, etc. By the same authors as House Sale (Anthropology).


TABLE OF CONTENTS


☐ ☐ ☐ ☐ ☐ Gain a [Coin I] and a [Luck I] clue.


☐ ☐ ☐ ☐ ☐ Learn the different coin types.


☐ ☐ ☐ ☐ ☐ Gain a [Coin II] and a [Luck II] clue.


☐ ☐ ☐ ☐ ☐ Learn general coin rules.


☐ ☐ ☐ ☐ ☐ Background: Command of Coin - When you would gain coins, one additional coin is offered, you still take the same number total.


☐ ☐ ☐ ☐ ☐ Learn advanced coin rules.






TEXT


In Search of Path Zero


☐ HAVE


A study of texts, art, and oral traditions conveyed across the history of humans and various long-lived Others, done through the lens of the Paths- what may be referencing early Paths, with the goal of finding the earliest story told about the Paths. It attempts to coin a lot of terminology that never took.


TABLE OF CONTENTS


☐ ☐ ☐ ☐ ☐ Gain 1d3 random Paths-related clues, tier 1-2.


☐ ☐ ☐ ☐ ☐ You can spend up to 5 clues to quickly identify things in your possession.
Value 0-2 things require tier 1, value 3-5 require tier 2, 6-8 require tier 3, 9+ require tier 4.


☐ ☐ ☐ ☐ ☐ Gain 1d3 random Paths-related clues, tier 1-3.


☐ ☐ ☐ ☐ ☐ You can spend up to 5 clues to quickly identify things in your possession.
Value 0-2 things require tier 1, value 3-5 require tier 2, 6-8 require tier 3, 9+ require tier 4.


☐ ☐ ☐ ☐ ☐ Background - Paths Archaeology - When you don’t know something about how a Paths consumable, item, practice, or Other works, you know more. You get additional clues and potentially (if you have Paths to other Paths with practitioners) money when you identify something related, save from dangerous or potentially cursed things, and from higher value things.






TEXT


Forked Tongues of Babel


☐ HAVE


An examination of both the evolving terminology of Paths practices, and the ways individual practices, geographical regions, and languages have developed their own terminology. The Tower of Babel is painted as a metaphor throughout, a Path stretching from the Earthly to the heavens- or to the Paths.


TABLE OF CONTENTS


☐ ☐ ☐ ☐ ☐ Gain any Tier 1 Paths-related clue you choose.


☐ ☐ ☐ ☐ ☐ Gain any Tier 2 Paths-related clue you choose.


☐ ☐ ☐ ☐ ☐ Learn a new language. Learning new languages becomes easier, if you spend Paths clues in the process.


☐ ☐ ☐ ☐ ☐ New job opportunity, translating correspondence. Roughly 150% of base. Very rarely, a free practice text to translate (time covered by working)


☐ ☐ ☐ ☐ ☐ Gain Background - Babelsyne - Gain a new contact, two new Paths you might traverse, and trigger a random non-bold benefit from a Lore text you know. Whenever you learn a new language, retrigger this to reduced effect.






TEXT


Sun, Moon, Star, Afar


☐ HAVE


Studying the symbolic language of Paths, the motifs and signals that recur across Paths, and have seemingly always done so. The conclusion takes a stab at a questionable theory, but there’s much to be gained here.


TABLE OF CONTENTS


☐ ☐ ☐ ☐ ☐ Gain 1d3 Tier 0-1 Paths clues.


☐ ☐ ☐ ☐ ☐ Gain 1d3 Tier 0-1 Paths clues.


☐ ☐ ☐ ☐ ☐ Gain Background - Cataloguing Stars - Paths clues can be traded in for cash, to be delivered in the main next Downtime.


☐ ☐ ☐ ☐ ☐ Gain Background - Incarnate Symbology - Ties the idea of the universal symbols of the Paths to the symbols of the Incarnates- Fate’s Threads, Death’s Scythe, etc. Reading books on Incarnates awards reading progress for books on Paths, and vice-versa.






TEXT


Though She Be But Liddle


☐ HAVE


A discussion of Alice Liddle, the individual who inspired Alice in Wonderland and inadvertently became the most prominent ‘character’ in Paths literature and discussion. Whether she or the storyteller walked the Paths in actuality, or if it was coincidence, the popularization of the work played a role in practitioners as a greater group recognizing the Paths as not scattered pocket realms, but an interconnected tapestry.


TABLE OF CONTENTS


☐ ☐ ☐ ☐ ☐ Gain a [Mundane II] Clue.


☐ ☐ ☐ ☐ ☐ Gain a [Paths I] Clue and a [Mundane II] Clue


☐ ☐ ☐ ☐ ☐ Gain a [Paths III] Clue and a [Mundane I] Clue




☐ ☐ ☐ ☐ ☐ Gain Background - The Great Puzzle - Gain 0 Paths related clues from Paths-related activities that don’t give clues, to a maximum of once a downtime action or once an expedition. This background is enhanced for each other Paths-related text finished.






TEXT


From Far Realms to Dreams


☐ HAVE


The first part of a series, chronicling history of the Paths. This reaches from the earliest interactions to the period practitioners interpreted it as the landscape of dreams and subconscious. Other books in this series compound its benefits, but count as a standalone Lore work for various backgrounds.


TABLE OF CONTENTS


LOCKED - Must complete any other Lore text first.


☐ ☐ ☐ ☐ ☐ Gain two [Paths II] Clues.


☐ ☐ ☐ ☐ ☐ Gain a [Paths III] Clue.


☐ ☐ ☐ ☐ ☐ Gain Background - Far From It - Some dialogues with the oldest Lost and Paths Practitioners change.


☐ ☐ ☐ ☐ ☐ Gain a [Paths IV] Clue.


☐ ☐ ☐ ☐ ☐ Gain Background - Paths Education I - When you would earn pay, or earn from selling your writing or something you created, increase the tens column to the next multiple of 2, then the ones column to the next multiple of four. If another effect would already do this, increases the tens and ones columns by +1.






TEXT


From Dreamstuff to Dust


☐ HAVE


While this text is founded in the concept of the Paths as Dreaming, it nonetheless has a very strong taxonomy of Lost, free and not, cornerstone Lost, and the various non-Lost of the Paths.


TABLE OF CONTENTS


☐ ☐ ☐ ☐ ☐ Gain 1d3 Tier 0-1 clues, randomly drawn from the Paths and Dreaming realms.


☐ ☐ ☐ ☐ ☐ Unlock a space on a clue grid about a Lost you know of.


☐ ☐ ☐ ☐ ☐ Gain Background - Lost Taxonomy - Newly encountered Lost and Lost faced in combat come with a label.


☐ ☐ ☐ ☐ ☐ Gain 1d3+1 Tier 0-1 clues, randomly drawn from the Paths and Dreaming realms.


☐ ☐ ☐ ☐ ☐ Gain 1d3 Tier 1-2 clues, randomly drawn from the Paths and Dreaming realms.


☐ ☐ ☐ ☐ ☐ Gain Background - Lost Taxonomy II - Newly encountered Lost and Lost faced in combat come with a label and rough power level.






TEXT


Tea at the Tipping Point


☐ HAVE


A Paths Practitioner describes his experiences and observations living in a Paths community for eighteen months, believed to be the longest one has stayed on a Path on purpose. Named for the Lost teashop where he got most of his sustenance.


TABLE OF CONTENTS


☐ ☐ ☐ ☐ ☐ Get a random Paths-related clue, tier 1.


☐ ☐ ☐ ☐ ☐ Get a random Paths-related clue and a Deals clue. One tier 1, one Tier 2.


☐ ☐ ☐ ☐ ☐ Gain access to the Tipping Point, a modest Path with shops and trade, that Paths practitioners now regularly visit.


☐ ☐ ☐ ☐ ☐ Get a random Paths-related clue and a Deals clue, both Tier 2.


☐ ☐ ☐ ☐ ☐ Gain Background - Socially Lost - In [Others] nodes on Paths (double mask icon), if there’s a decision point, two options will be marked, and grant a clue if picked, with tier depending on the danger and depth of the node. The worst option for that decision point will never be marked.






TEXT


House Sale


☐ HAVE


A practitioner, interested in a Lost’s insight into economy and ownership, has his familiar price everything in his home, including the property itself, for insights into the Lost’s sense of value. He comments throughout. Then, attempting to apply lessons learned, he buys and furnishes a similar-sized house on a Path, with Path furniture and paintings, by way of the Lost’s economy of painted coins. The Lost comments on his choices and logic, in turn.


TABLE OF CONTENTS


☐ ☐ ☐ ☐ ☐ Gain a [Coin I] and a [Paths I] clue.


☐ ☐ ☐ ☐ ☐ Gain a [Coin I] and a [House II] clue.


☐ ☐ ☐ ☐ ☐ Background: Ridiculous Wealth, Wealth of the Ridiculous - Once per expedition, you may ‘select all’ when offered a pick of tier 0-1 items.


☐ ☐ ☐ ☐ ☐ Gain a [House II] and a [Paths II] clue.


☐ ☐ ☐ ☐ ☐ Background: Back of House - Shops stock one additional item.






TEXT


Curiosa


☐ HAVE


An examination of trinkets and curios- the most minor magic items of the Paths, which can so easily clutter one’s bags. Learn to carry more, break trinkets down into boons.


TABLE OF CONTENTS


☐ ☐ ☐ ☐ ☐ Get a random Paths clue.


☐ ☐ ☐ ☐ ☐ Get a random Paths clue and a Tools clue.


☐ ☐ ☐ ☐ ☐ Gain Background: Curiosa I - Gain a trinket-specific boon slot. Trinkets cried for a long time become boons as you absorb their traits, until the item is no longer required (with enough experience/encounters).


☐ ☐ ☐ ☐ ☐ Gain a random Paths clue.


☐ ☐ ☐ ☐ ☐ Gain Background: Curiosa II - Upgrade trinket boon slot. Trinkets of very similar functionality or provenance can share a slot. As you upgrade the boon-trinket relationship, trinkets can widen the scope of what’s acceptable to group together.


☐ ☐ ☐ ☐ ☐ Get a random Paths clue and a Tools clue.


☐ ☐ ☐ ☐ ☐ Gain background: Curiosa III - A slotted-in Curiosa Boon at max level gains additional power. Gain a second Curiosa boon slot that operates as Curiosa I.








Chapter 4 - East Gate


At the gate, a gyroscopic setup lets a device freely spin, along with motifs of dogs on the bands and counterbalances. Five diamonds encircle the setup, and one glows red.


“Looks like you have to roll to get a number matching or under the number of bets you’ve won,” Penny says, looking it over. “And you get a boon if you win. Bigger boon if you make riskier bets. Then something after this rounds off the boon.”


“No use rolling now,” Clover says. She touches one of the images of running dogs that extend from the bands of the gyroscope. “Unless we want a quick, forced reset for some reason? It looks like failing ejects us from the Path.”






Where to?


4.1.a Go to where the crowd is particularly rambunctious, in the stands to your left.
4.1.b Go to the information booth.
4.1.o Go to the store
4.1.f Go to where the fighters of ring one are gathered.
4.1.g Stay at the vantage spot to watch the upcoming match.
4.1.l Go to the guarded gate.
4.1.x Go and announce yourself as a fighter for the next round.






Chapter 4 - Ring One, Round Two


As you approach the ring, you can see who’s up for the upcoming fight.


The Bird Dog is a mobile combatant, though a bit of a goofball. Bark, bite, and aerial maneuvers that trip up anyone without a sufficient ranged attack or good timing.


And... no one? No, they’re preparing for someone who’s absent right now, eyeing the gate. That would be Gadsen, almost certainly. not a fighter, but he’ll have some practitioner tricks.






%roll 1d2 (Bird Dog | Gadsen)
"(Bird Dog | Gadsen)" [1] = 1






Chapter 4 - Ring One, Round Two


“Again entering at the left gate, which looks very odd right know, we have Sinclair Sinclair, a practitioner decorated in teak and dogfur, which is more sensible than what some practitioners wear. Opposite, coming through the right hand gate, we have the Bird Dog, topper of the tower last night, spayed, clubbed, and heartbroken by the Jack of Knaves earlier today, can they redeem themselves?”


Your opponent is a Bird Dog, a Lost that, on the surface, is a dog with wings. Or a bird with drooping ears and a tail, facing the other direction - an optical illusion given life.


The options for the challenge game are laid out for you by Pound staff.






Which options do you take for the Challenge game?


4.9.a - Habitat Battlefield - The player/team who plays the most defensive pips and the player/team who plays the most offensive ones at round end can pick one of Hill, Lake, Sky, and Field. Evasion counts for 2x of each. Randomly get either a friendly summon or a consumable, based on the choice. Note: bonuses and deficits are kept, round by round, so if left alone, will continue providing benefits to the person who won it last. At high numbers, effects may change.


Note: Due to unforeseen circumstances, your side of the arena is knotted and you need +1 pips to meet requirements, but a 15% chance of getting both consumable and summon. Pound staff apologize for the inconvenience.


4.9.b - Gain a buffer of +1 Max HP. The player who takes the most gets +50% max HP. -1 per.


4.9.c - Get -1 to two chosen habitats, or -2 for one, at battle start. +1 per.


4.9.d - Opponent HP multiplied by 2. You get pieces of gear from two different sets, out of Dogfight, Alpha, or Houndstooth, if you can get their health low enough/kill them. +1 per.


4.9.e - Be stunned for next three card plays. +1 per.


4.9.f - Hand size -1 for x1.5 coins, or -2 for x2.


4.9.g - Fight four summons before the fight begins. x2 rewards.






[combat: Dog Bird plays Peck/Bite [[red: hits R, shields D] or [blue: hits L, shields U]]]


[hand: Corner Fighting, Twirl Weapon, Wide Right, card boon, Expound, block [shields UD], [hit U, shields U]]




The bird dog has opted to give you x2 HP, and is taking -1 hand size.


[combat: 


we play Wide Right, [hit U, shield U]


Bird Dog plays Jump Up/Swoop [[red: hits U, shields D] or [blue: hits D, shields U] and Shit Everywhere


Poop cards in third and fifth spots on our side, fifth slot on their side. Poop cards read:


Gunks up one piece of equipment if card doesn’t target low.


]




SHIT EVERYWHERE


Must be played by round end. Weather effect: crap on every other tile.






[combat: we play block UD, Corner Fighting (gold)]


[combat: Bird Dog plays Obnoxiously loud, Good Boy]




OBNOXIOUSLY LOUD:


Double Bird Dog sourced buff and debuff effects, for next 3 effects.




SHITBIRD/GOOD BOY:


Choose Red or Blue. Gain associated effect, resolve this round’s cards with that color’s pips. This part is uncounterable.


SHITBIRD


Poop, mud, and trash effects now armor you instead. On successful hit, transfer said effects to foe.


GOOD BOY


Resolve all conditional, environmental, duel, curse, buff/debuff effects in your favor.




[combat: we play Twirl Weapon (shields UURDL)]




Bite targets right, hits you for 1 (you are down to 19/20)
Wide Right hits Good Boy Bird Dog for 2.
Jump Up targets you, is blocked by your custom card.
Your custom card hits Bird Dog for 1.
There are no more damaging cards to account for.
Good Boy Bird Dog gets one crap on him with his last card play.  He doesn't really care.
You should decide your March Flair effect- heal or damage.


You got three offensive pips to the Good Boy Bird Dog's two.  But he's a Good Boy this round, so he wins the effect.  He chooses Field.
You got ten defensive pips to the Good Boy Bird Dog's two.  But he's a Good Boy this round, so he wins the effect.  He chooses Sky.


You win advantage and should decide what to do with it:
1)  Offensive Card Play & he picks 1st/second next round
2) Draw 1 and discard 2. (Amended from prior version)
3) Play a noncombat effect or do a noncombat action, like changing gear, minor practices, addressing a condition.
4) Flee the battle safely.




%roll 1d2 Field Effect (Ally|Consumable)
"Field Effect (Ally|Consumable)" [2] = 2


%roll 1d2 Field Effect (Ally|Consumable)
"Field Effect (Ally|Consumable)" [2] = 2




He eats some kind of grass.  He heals for 1 and gets a shield in a random direction on cards without pips, next round.
He eats some kind of sky berry.  He heals for 1, and his shields are evades next round, where beneficial.




Seeing if you draw an offensive card...
%roll 1d14
[1] = 1




[hit D, shield R]




Kick the Dog?


He takes one from the defensive kick.  He takes two from your March Flair, which flares with harsh light.
All in all, he's at a net -4.






[hand: shield UD, Axe Coin, Uppercut (hits UU), Rabbit Assist, Axe Coin, Expound, card boon]


[combat: Bird Dog plays Scratch/Sniff]




SCRATCH/SNIFF


[blue: hits right]


Red: Draw 1, Discard 1. Look at a card in the opponent’s hand.




The Bird Dog gets crap on itself with its card play.  It doesn't really care.
















%roll 1d8
[4] = 4


%roll 1d2
[2] = 2


%roll 1d4 (NESW)
"(NESW)" [3] = 3


%roll 1d3
[3] = 3


%roll 1d4 (NESW)
"(NESW)" [1] = 1


%roll 1d4 NESW (Grass shield)
[3] = 3




[combat: 


We play shield UD, throw Axe Coin.


Bird Dog plays Violent Shake [shield D from sky berry], Strafe/Dig [[blue: hits U, shields L] or [red: hits D, shields R]


Axe Coin on fifth tile on our side, hits UUUU, need-to-hit U


]




VIOLENT SHAKE


Transfer one condition and all mud/poop/trash from self to foe.




%roll 2d9 (What equipment gets gunked?)
"(What equipment gets gunked?)" [2] [1] = 3
March Flair and Red's Rags are gunked.




[hand: Uppercut, Rabbit Assist, [rapier: hit L, evade RL on hit], shield DL, card boon, [rapier: evade L, hit RL on evade]




[combat: we play shield DL, Rabbit Assist]


[combat: Bird Dog plays Fly, Flock Together/Underdog (red)]




FLY


Ignore non-ranged attacks. Next attack ends flight & deals extra hit, striking low.




FLOCK TOGETHER/UNDERDOG


Choose Red or Blue. Gain associated effects resolve this round's cards with that color's pips. This part is uncounterable.


FLOCK TOGETHER
[blue]


Summon a tiny bird for each successful attack/defense this round.


UNDERDOG
[red]


If foe has more health, gain half the difference; if this exceeds max health, gain max health at ½ efficiency. Do the same for cards in hand.








%roll 2d4 (NESW)
"(NESW)" [2] [2] = 4




(Bouncing coin back: near or far?)


%roll 1d9 (What gets gunked?)
"(What gets gunked?)" [6] = 6


Your Marching Jacket has been gunked.


%roll 1d2
[2] = 2




[combat: we play Uppercut]




%roll 2d4 (NESW Coin directions) 
"(NESW Coin directions)" [2] [4] = 6


The Bird Dog sniffs, drawing 1 and discarding 1.
The Bird Dog's dig is blocked.
The Rabbit Assist misses.
Uppercut misses, but hits the coin.
The Bird Dog heals for 9.  This takes it over its max health by 3; it gains 1 max health. 


He played 1 offensive pip, plus 8 effective evasive pips, for 9 offensive advantage.
You played 4 offensive pips for 4 offensive advantage.


He played 8 effective evasive pips, for 8 defensive advantage.
You played 5 defensive pips, for 5 advantage.
You had advantage last round, so you maintain it, going through the tie.
He picks Hill & Lake.


%roll 4d2 (Summon/Consumable, Sky, Valley, Hill, Lake, respectively)
"(Summon/Consumable, Sky, Valley, Hill, Lake, respectively)" [1] [1] [2] [1] = 5






1)  Offensive Card Play & he picks 1st/second next round
2) Draw 1 and discard 2. (Amended from prior version)
3) Play a noncombat effect or do a noncombat action, like changing gear, minor practices, addressing a condition.
4) Flee the battle safely.




%roll 3d4 summon positioning
"summon positioning" [1] [2] [1] = 4
________________




March Flair cleaned...


%roll 1d2 (on 2, clean something else)
"(on 2, clean something else)" [2] = 2
Marching jacket cleaned.


%roll 1d2 (on 2, clean something else)
"(on 2, clean something else)" [2] = 2
Red's Rag's cleaned.




The Bird Dog eats some kind of underground plant.  He heals for 1 and blocks the next incoming hit.




[combat: Bird Dog plays “Shiny”/Nip [hits D also because of Fly], Axe Coin in their second tile with UUUURRRR and need-to-hit R, poop on first, third, and fifth tiles on both sides.


Hedge Bunny below second Bird Dog tile, Song Vulture below third, Frosh below fifth.]




SHINY NIP
[red: hits L]


Blue: Steal an item from a foe; 25% chance to steal hat or trinket.




HEDGE BUNNY
[hits L]


If hit by a non-ranged attack, dies, & foe takes 1 damage.




SONG VULTURE
[hits U]


If hit by a ranged attack, dies. Taunts. Ignore non-ranged.




FROSH
[circle-inscribed-triangle UD]


Ignores first incoming attack. Delivers weak hits.






[combat: Bird Dog plays Eat Vomit, is stunned]




EAT VOMIT


Heal 1d3
Return any number of cards from discard to deck






The Bird Dog is struck by the coin mid-meal and collapses.  It's left to you to decide how you wrap up- finish him, or claim your victory?






Chapter 4 - Ring One, Fight Two


The Bird Dog is midway through eating its own vomit, in a scene that’s hard to look directly at (is it a baby bird eating, or a dog being gross?) when the coin strikes home, rebounds, and strikes it again. It flips through the air, and you catch it with a swipe of your hand. The crowd cheers. A Hedge Rabbit tries to headbutt you, unaware the fight is over.


You get two coins for your victory, baseline, but bet nothing. It wasn’t a close fight by health margins, so you don’t get any special bonus, but a shadowy figure on the tower that overlooks the rings is watching, and casts down his favor- two more coins. Something you did appealed to him, in that final round.


Arena staff are quick to hose things down and revive the Bird Dog, stuffing herbs into its mouth. You endure a herb-scented spray from a hose that clears the dog gunk off you.




0
Lost Coin
This coin features a black silhouette of a beast of unknown provenance, shying away from jack o’lanterns that blaze with orange flame.


0
Lost Coin
This coin has a man that looks somehow unfinished, bathed in a tranquil blue-green light, with broken, disjointed, and bloody arms reaching in to touch him.


0
Lost Coin
This coin features a crowd of Lost with blue raincoats, rainboots, umbrellas, winter coats and sleds, looking very disappointed about the bright, warm yellow sun in the sky.


0
Lost Coin
The coin’s focus is a scruffy black cat Lost witnessing a proceeding of Law, judged and administered by a white deer.






Chapter 4 - Post Fight, Fight Two


Your coins settled in your pocket, you move aside for arena staff, who are preparing for the next fight. With the rewards handed out, the Bird Dog heads over to the champion’s area. You could go over there to chat, but that might take some time (and supply).
Gadsen has entered, and walks over to sit there.


It looks like you’re expected to wait a turn between fights, instead of fighting multiple times in a row.




Where to?


4.1.a Go to where the crowd is particularly rambunctious, in the stands to your left.
4.1.b Go to the information booth.
4.1.c Go to the store
4.1.f Go to where the fighters of ring one are gathered.
4.1.g Go back to the vantage spot to watch the upcoming match.
4.1.l Return to the guarded gate.








Chapter 4 - Information Booth


"Sinclair Sinclair," the person at the information booth says. "You're at two wins, one loss, one win in a row, one failed bet- bets on or about yourself don't count for our gate system. It looks like you’ve already collected your first-timer coin reward. After tonight's fighting closes, things will be overhauled, and you can come by to claim another."


"Any questions about the Arena?"






Chapter 4 - Information Booth


"Do you know what this white flower does?"


"Not exactly something the Arena concerns itself with. I know flowers are a rarer plant that can turn up wherever herbs do, along with mosses and grasses, and do something different with the same fundamental idea, but I never paid much attention to that stuff."






Chapter 4 - Information Booth


“'I understand the Top Dog is pretty important here, but are there any other regular faces I should be keeping an eye out for?'"


“Our best combatants dwell in the third ring, and you’ll want to be sure to know what they’re capable of, in case you’re pitted against one. Our current reigning champion is the dog with the ball, but after things wrap up tonight, there will be a final duel and a new champion, with a brief, limited window to purchase related merchandise. All champions enjoy the luxuries of the third ring in the company of the Top Dog, who you mentioned, before responsibilities elsewhere call them. The Pound supports vital functions of the Dreaming Reaches-”


“They’re called the Paths now,” a Lost managing boxes in the background remarks, interrupting..


“The Pound supports vital functions across the Paths, with the added benefit that it can be fun to watch someone’s face getting pounded in, consequence free- usually. But to answer your question, the Top Dog is the only resident you can be sure to find here, though of course that could change.”








%roll 1d3
[2] = 2


%roll 2d19
[6] [14] = 20


%roll 2d3
[1] [1] = 2


%roll 2d10
[8] [3] = 11






Chapter 4 - After the Eye for an Ivory


As you use your Eye for an Ivory, in hopes of clearing the stands of the fighting, you push through, past faint layers of symbol- and something distant flickers, shudders, and cracks.


At the gate, further ahead of you, a blotch of symbols coalesce, then stumble- a partial silhouette of a person, that exists mostly by distorting the space around them, bending the floor- so that guards stumble toward them. Then, seemingly panicked, they push the Lost aside. The imagery around the marker inset in the face of the gate is shuddering and changing.


And behind you at the information booth, another figure rises tall, finding little grip on things near it until it grabs the inside of the posters and information sheets nailed up around the booth. Once it does, it rises tall, maybe seven or eight feet, narrow, cloaked in shuddering writing that is seemingly trying to find words.


You’ve only heard about these from your old friend. Bugges- scrivening Others.






What do you do?


4.1.a Carry on into the bewildered crowd, toward the Bugge to your left.
4.1.b Go to the information booth where the other Bugge is.
4.1.c Go to the store
4.1.f Go to where the fighters of ring one are gathered, to see about enlisting help.
4.1.g Circle past the information booth toward the vantage spot
4.1.i Return to the guarded gate where you might be able to force your way out of the Path.






Chapter 4 - After the Eye for an Ivory


[Scrivening I clue]


Bugges exist in a variety of forms, finding all sorts of handholds and footholds into the world. They could be said to be refined spirits in an unrefined state of being- an addled professor of an advanced subject such as mathematics, only able to speak and operate through the language of their field, stranded on a desert island, adding sticks together with stones. Most die very quickly, but some do find a way to survive and turn their environment to their obscure nature, and they can be very useful- or very dangerous. The ones you see here are weak.


Expound will do as it says- relocating them to somewhere nearby, testing their resources and weakening or extinguishing them if those resources are found wanting, or shuffling something about them - with a slim chance of making them stronger. Attribution has its own interactions.


(Clue spent)






Chapter 4 - After the Eye for an Ivory - Booth


You head to the information booth, waving over Gadsen, as a compromise between the two ideas that first came to mind - going to the booth and going to where he and the other contestants were. Gadsen’s the most likely to be able to assist you here.


The Bugge at the booth has reached the limit of its growth- at least for right now, for where it’s at. Twice, it grows past eight feet tall, then cannot hold up its own weight, staggers, crumples, and loses several feet.


“Looks like a volatile spirit!” Gadsen calls out. “Spirits are always on the lookout for writing, runes, that sort of thing- sometimes those spirits that are looking gather together! They usually expire fast!”


That is not how your old friend had described them, but perhaps there’s elements of truth in it.


“A simple binding might work, but that’s going to keep it imprisoned here, nothing more, nothing less,” Gadsen says. “We have to enclose it in a circle to start! You’d have to put power into it.”


He begins walking you through the process of binding the Bugge, but as he does, it decides it doesn’t want to be taller anymore, and instead pulls images out of the poster advertising a contestant. They land on the ground in a heap. Gadsen ducks his head as he draws in the dirt, but when he passes between the crumpled mini-Other and the taller one at the booth, an invisible tether between them briefly becomes visible, and he’s knocked over.


Looks as though you have to subdue/encompass all of the Bugge, including the independent extensions, like the small scribble-dog it just created… and you don’t have a great power source available.






You've learned a new Least practice - Simple Binding Circle


When you get advantage against an Other, you can draw 1d100% of a circle, rolling 1+[number of binding practices known] times. You currently know one such practice. When the total rolls add up to or exceed 100, you can spend power or personal power to bind them to the circle. This is a simple binding and will stabilize and preserve the Other- there's even a chance you can exit or leave the area and come back to find them, assuming nobody else interferes. Strong Others may require more power or have a greater chance of breaking free or being broken free. Different kinds of binding can be layered.








What do you do?


4.11.a
Engage the Bugge, try to subdue its pets and draw a circle.


4.11.b
Try to destroy it in combat.


4.11.c
Try to destroy or disable it by some other means.


4.11.d
Leave it be, back off.






Summoning Links, you have the option - you can participate yourself, or hang back and let Links fight while you take advantage of openings.
And do you wish to go first or second? (forced to go second with Links solo)




[hand: shield URDL, Rabbit Assist, Wide Kick, shield RL, Twirl Weapon, Fish Assist, Uppercut]




[combat: Links top, Bugge middle, us bottom]:


[combat: we play Rabbit Assist]




%roll 1d4 (NESW)
"(NESW)" [1] = 1




[combat: Bugge plays Dog, Theme. 


Yellow Dog appears in first slot under Bugge.]


Yellow Dog card: hits U, “After attack, moves 1d3 spaces ahead and attacks again.  Downgrades & does above action if struck.  While alive, parent Bugge cannot be harmed or bound.”]




THEME


Roll 1d4-2.  Draft or lose that many cards from pool.




%roll 1d3
[1] = 1


%roll 1d4 (NESW)
"(NESW)" [3] = 3




%roll 1d4 (NESW)
"(NESW)" [2] = 2




[combat: we play Uppercut, shield URDL.


Links plays evade D, paw R.


Yellow Dog is now in second slot under Bugge.]




The rabbit strikes the dog before it can act, it discorporeates, then recorporeats, and you're able to strike it with your fist- it expires here.  Links prepares a swipe of his paw.




The Bugge adds a card to its card pool.




[combat: Bugge plays Cease, Dog!


Red Dog appears in fourth slot under Bugge.]


Red Dog card: hits D, “After attack, moves 1d4 - 1 spaces ahead and attacks again.  Downgrades & does above action if struck.  While alive, parent Bugge cannot be harmed or bound.”]






CEASE
[shields RR]


Blocks in one random direction and one chosen direction.






%roll 1d4-1
[2] - 1 = 1




[combat: we play Wide Kick, Fish Assist


Links plays evade L, hit TR]




Wide kick drives the dog back, and it doesn't manage to move far enough way before Penny splashes it with spiritstuff.




[combat: Bugge plays Dogs Dogs! [And act again in 3]]




Two dogs are materializing, and will engage next round.






Uppercut scored one hit against the Bugge, as does Wide Kick.
Links' swipe deals two hits.


You have advantage.  You can choose to:
1) Draw a card and use it to attack for free if it's an attack
2) Draw 1 and discard 2.
3) Take the time to do an action that takes time, like changing equipment or clearing a condition.
4) Draw a binding circle, rolling 2d100 and adding that much to the circle's completion.  The circle can't be finished while the Bugge has summons active.
While you're at it: do you go first or second, next round?




%roll 2d4 (NESW)
"(NESW)" [2] [2] = 4


%roll 2d4-2
[1] [1] - 2 = 0


The two dogs react to the March Flair, and in attempting to move out of the way, fold into themselves, collapsing.






%roll 2h100 Percentage of the circle complete?
"Percentage of the circle complete?" (60) [88] = 88


%roll 4d12
[2] [4] [10] [10] = 26


Your card play?




%roll 2d4 (NESW)
"(NESW)" [1] [1] = 2
%roll 1d4-2
[3] - 2 = 1
%roll 1d4-2
[3] - 2 = 1




[combat: Bugge plays triangles card, Theme [white hit up]. Dogs Dogs! in third spot]




Triangles card:
[white-bordered hit up]


When playing cards without pips, including this one attack 1d4-2 times. If a defecit, lose cards from card pool. On a max roll, add a card to the card pool.






[combat: we play Hardwood, Twirl Weapon [shields UURRDDLL]


Links plays shield UD, paw card [Attempt to steal something] above our plays


]




%roll 2d4
[2] [4] = 6






[combat: rows are Dogs, Links, Bugge, us, Dogs


Bugge has Dogs Dogs! in third spot, plays unnamed card in fourth.


Red Dog [hits U], Yellow Dog [hits U] spawn in third and fourth spots above Bugge.


Yellow Dog [hits L], Red Dog [hits U] spawn in third and fourth spots above Bugge.


]




Unnamed card: 
[+ R]


Countered by any non-attack, non-defense pip.


Gain an attribute from this location. Only beneficial effects apply. Apply that attribute to a foe.]




[combat: Links plays shield RL, hit D.


Bugge plays Theme.]


%roll 1d2 (Coin toss)
"(Coin toss)" [2] = 2


%roll 2d3 Gold Dogs
"Gold Dogs" [2] [3] = 5


%roll 1d4-1 Red Dog
"Red Dog" [3] - 1 = 2






You have advantage.  You can choose to:
1) Draw a card and use it to attack for free if it's an attack
2) Draw 1 and discard 2.
3) Take the time to do an action that takes ti, like changing equipment or clearing a condition.
4) Draw a binding circle, rolling 2d100 and adding that much to the circle's completion.  The circle can't be finished while the Bugge has summons active.




%roll 5d15
[15] [15] [15] [1] [4] = 50


%roll 1d10
[9] = 9






CLUBS


Discard by round's end; On discard, pick a card, 50% chance to remove from pool until combat end, 50% to make 3x copies in hand




[hand: Gadsen Assist, rapier [hit RR], rapier [hit/evade], rapier [evade/hit], Clubs, shield DL, shield RL]




GADSEN ASSIST


Can discard to draw, or discard to deal 1 immaterial damage. Play to deploy Gadsen; he'll draw the circle each action until damaged. Your blocks block for him.




[combat: we play rapier [hit RR]. 


Axe Coin in Bugge’s second tile, hit UUU, need-to-hit U.


Red Dog [hits L], Gold Dog [hits D] above Bugge’s second and third tiles.


Blackened Dog [hits U], Gold Dog [hits L] below Bugge’s first and second tiles.]




CLUBS+


Discard to copy a card 3x. Put any number into your hand and any number into the pool.




Bugge plays Clubs.




[combat: Bugge plays Pain! [hits UL], Pain! [hits UR]


Axe Coin in Link’s third tile (above our fourth)]




PAIN!


Attacks in one random direction and one chosen direction. Take 1 damage.




[combat: we play rapier [hit L, evade RL], rapier [evade L, hit RL]


Links plays shield DL, evade R]




%roll 1d4 (NESW)
"(NESW)" [2] = 2


%roll 1d4 (NESW)
"(NESW)" [4] = 4


Bottom gold dog is struck, moves forward 3.
Top red dog strikes, is evaded/blocked, rolls 0 for movement, expires.




[combat: Bugge plays Cease [shields RL], Pain [hits DL]


Gold Dog in third row above Bugge, hits D.


Blackened Dog in fifth tile below Bugge, hits R.


Axe Coin hasn’t moved]




%roll 1d2 (1 = remove card.  2 = triple it)
"(1 = remove card.  2 = triple it)" [1] = 1


%roll 1d3
[3] = 3




[combat: we play shield DL, shield RL.


Links plays hit DL, hit UU.


Gold Dog in third row above Bugge, hits D.


Blackened Dog in fifth tile below Bugge, hits R.


Axe Coin in fifth tile on Bugge’s Row, hits LLLLL, need-to-hit L.


]


Uppermost dog gets hit and moves into next round.




%roll 1d4-2
[3] - 2 = 1


%roll 1d4 NESW
"NESW" [3] = 3






[combat: Bugge plays unnamed card [shields D]. No Dogs left in this round.]




Unnamed card:


When playing cards without pips, including this one, defend 1d4-2 times. If a deficit, lose cards from card pool. On a max roll, add a card to the card pool.






Combat order:


You #1) Rapier Thrust - hits dog and does no damage to Bugge.


Bugge #1) Painhurt Left, you evade, Links blocks.  Painhurt top, hits your choice of you or Links.


You #2) Thrust Parry - Hits top dog (it expires on trying to move), sets up evade.


Bugge #2) Painhurt Right - You evade, Links Evades.  Top, hits you or Links.


You #3) Parry Thrust - Hits dog below, scooting it forward.  Hits top dog, sending it into next round.


Links #3) Swat leftdown, no valid targets (Bugge is immune)


Bugge #4) Strikes left and down.  You have full defense set up.  Links doesn't.
Taking one from the Bugge, Teak doesn't shield, but you regen and heal each instance of damage.


Bugge is struck by coin and stunned.




You have advantage.  Dogs are valid targets.
You have a combo of 5.  Can heal 2 or damage 2.


Ok.  Two dogs removed, Bugge is exposed.


Advantage options:
1) Draw a card and use it to attack for free if it's an attack
2) Draw 1 and discard 2.
3) Take the time to do an action that takes time, like changing equipment or clearing a condition.
4) Draw a binding circle, rolling 2d100 and adding that much to the circle's completion.  The circle can't be finished while the Bugge has summons active.


Hm, 20 votes in 3 seconds, there seems to be some hesitancy on your part. 


%roll 2d100
[63] [1] = 64






Chapter 4 - Fighting the Dark Bugge


The Coin lands, Links takes advantage, and the decorations on your marching jacket flash and break apart the shadowy, scribbled dog shapess, as you move around the Bugge, staying in position.


The circle’s drawn. You need a bit of power to seal the deal. Gadsen seems to have been prepared to give some, but the poor fellow was shoved aside when you tore at the symbols that were creeping along your clothing, and whatever he was using was grounded, losing its charge.


“Say some words,” he instructs you.


It’s consolidating to a shape it’s liable to keep and utilize in the future - even your binding contributes some clarity. You know from your instruction with your old friend that you can shape it in the moment of the binding. Hounds and Clubs are symbols it’s tied into itself. But you can also grasp at the idea of...


Spirit
Knots
Witch






The binding settles- and so does the Bugge, for the most part. Her appearance changes every time you look away and look back, like the Ivory-able parts of a Path, but aggressively so. Dressed in shades of brown and black, bearing a knobby staff that could double as a cudgel, she looks around with wide eyes that aren’t quite human. Dogs with sticks in their mouths mill around her feet, staying within the confines of the circle, and move in impossible patterns between and through her legs, passing through where others would stop, driving stick into leg, or catch on cloth. Her expression is stoic and unchanging, her eyes moving this way and that before she tries knocking her staff against the edge of the circle- testing it.


“Well, she’s here for later, if you need her, I guess,” Gadsen tells you, brushing himself off. He looks off in the direction of the other one- it may be going to pieces on its own. “I was already a bit surprised to find you still here after days, but that’s time on the Paths, I suppose. If there’s an obligation or an appointment, it’ll nudge things around for you.”






What do you name her?
4.12.* Name?


Anything to say/do?
4.13* Action/dialogue?        






Chapter 4 - After the Binding


"I name you the Dogwood Witch."


Faint elements of the Bugge seem to resolve as the name sets into place. You seal the deal with an expenditure of blood.


"Thank you, Gadsen, for the help. And, you, Links. Here."


Links looks down at the coin. "I'm not sure how to interpret this."


"For your troubles."


"Ohh," he says, with a moment of realization. "See, it has the witness in front, and it's a black cat, which is bad luck, I'm a white cat, thank you very much, and curiosity killed the cat, you know, so a witness cat... in a court of Law? It's almost a snitches get stitches card, see? But if it's a tip, then okay, I get it."


"I never understood the coin business," Gadsen remarks. "I plan purchases in advance and a family member gives me coinage from the family coin collection."






“Evert, did you receive your FRT Field Notes, with the time-oddness?”


“I did. I called the credit agency you mentioned, from your workplace. The first installment of money should appear in the ledger, again, allowing for weirdness. These things correct and s themselves out naturally, you have to feel sorry for the Incarnations of Time, but if you were meant to get the money a few days after running this Path, you’ll get the money then.”


“Expect a slightly higher amount for your first book, because people will recognize a new name on the scene, and they’ll want to get the measure of you. I saw you had a throughline to your notes, there. Secrets. Had you tied that into the title, it might have drawn some more attention. If you ever want to add a bit more quality, put the right ideas in-
(Clues)
-or tie in some big revelation.”
(Row/column headings)


You thank Gadsen, who hurries forward to the arena, for his next bout. Then you turn your attention to the Bugge.


[Binding I clue]


The reality is pretty simple - you can’t improvise anything fancy. She’ll remain here until released, by you or by someone else. Lost probably won’t interfere. You know one good binding for getting bound Others somewhere else, and that’s the Man in the Middle practice.


“Okay. That’s that. Thank you, Penny and Clover. Now… what next?”






What do you do?


Leaving in the morning might’ve worked well at buying you a bit more time before the Little Wolves show up.


4.1.4.a Carry on into the crowd to your left, where Lost are hanging out and having a good time.
4.1.4.b Stay at the information booth with the Dogwood Witch, ask or do something.
4.1.4.d Go to the store
4.1.4.f Go to where the fighters of ring one are gathered, chat further with Gadsen and the other fighters.
4.1.4.g Go to the vantage spot to bet.
4.1.4.l Return to the guarded gate to the right.
4.1.4.x Go to the arena, for a fight.








Chapter 4 - Exiting The Pound (Second Go)


“I intend to return soon.”


The Dogwood Witch doesn’t respond, only looking around.


You try the exit, and the Pound peels away, in a storm of stone, steel, dog fur, and darkness. You find yourself back in the city, on a back alley with four stray dogs that startle at your arrival. They bark, back away, and then run.


“Aren’t dogs weird?” Penny asks. “They’re a lot like horses, but with paws instead of hooves.”


“They’re a lot like wolves,” Clover replies. “But better in every way.”


The credit company associated with the company that manages the cannery and other local industries, as well as the general store, is on your way. You stop in, check, and they verify- a call came in and your account has been updated.


Your Field Notes have earned you $8.97. Added together with your money that you already had on hand from the money store, you have $15.85.


You know where Blaze last departed. There’s a chance that if Blaze or another Little Wolf pops up in the city again, they’ll come out of that same place, or travel through that same area- it’s familiar ground to them, presumably. You have a new option for Downtime, to allocate in one of the spots available this cycle, Surveil






[DOWNTIME IV]




Chapter 4 - Exiting The Pound (Second Go)


Returning to your room, you find the Lost you’ve nicknamed 'Dodo Boy' has left you another gift, at the edge of your desk.




0
Configuration Lock
A lock from a gate from some far-flung or disintegrated Path. It can be configured to be a puzzle with a set answer, but doing so is a puzzle unto itself.


Use: This has no direct use. This is also a resource, worth an unknown amount of money. It seems realms-based, and... something else?




In the window, the soil around the potted orange herb has budded, and three nascent buds are poking their way up, along with a die with odd numbers on its faces, a button, and a piece of blackened brick. They’ll presumably mature.


You fought a fair amount this Path, and you stand to improve your baseline combat abilities. Pick two to combine, out of the following:


[hit L, shield U, shield R, shield L]


Your magic item cooldowns have counted down.






Chapter 4 - Exiting The Pound (Second Go)


You’ve gained some experience toward your Masteries. After another excursion where you make good use of the coin, you may improve your technique…


From your fight against the Pencil Pusher, frustrating though it was, you get…


[Spades I clue] [Spades I clue]


From your betting, you get…


[Paths II clue] [Luck II clue]


From your fight against the Bird Dog, you get…


[Dog I clue] [Bird I clue] [Paths I clue]


From your encounter with the Bugge, who became the Dogwood Witch, you get…


[Scrivening I clue] [Scrivening II clue] [Dog I clue]


From evading the Little Wolf, you get…


[Wolf I clue]






%roll 2d3
[1] [3] = 4






Chapter 4 - Exiting The Pound (Second Go)


Sorting out the notes from the betting, you add…


[Spades I clue] [Paths I clue]






How do you spend your downtime?


3.i.5.a
Explore a location known to you.


3.i.5.b
Shopping to go see what’s available in stores (or call the Gadsens to buy a book from them)


3.i.5.c
Ritual, perform a ritual you know.


3.i.5.0
Research, studying a practice to get a sense of directions you could take it, or an item, to get a sense of how it works, if not fully understood.


3.i.5.e
Reading, reading a book to make some headway. You’re best at reading Paths and Scrivening texts.


3.i.5.f
Investigate, reading, making calls, and doing background research to tackle the mysteries and hand, for a safe but sure way to build up your knowledge about the puzzles before you.


3.i.5.g
Utilize Intelligence - This works differently now, and is more focused on making guesses and managing your growing collection of clues.


3.i.5.h
Do two different Half Actions to fill one downtime slot:


Basic First Aid - Heal a heart.
Light Relaxation - Heal a morale
Light Socialization - Spend time with someone, observations & maintenance on a relationship. Or go on a date.
Maintenance - Clean your home/workspace, check wards and do general upkeep.
Skim Read - Lightly peruse some material for a 1d3 reading roll.
Work - Earn some money (see your Assets page for how much)


3.i.5.i
Try Surveillance (Free this Downtime arc) - A riskier proposition, higher risk and higher reward, tracking movements and observing targets- or places they’re known to frequent, to gather information from another angle.










Surveillance involves stalking, pursuit, observation, being out in the field and keeping an eye on a person, place, or thing, to see where they go, what happens, or, for a place, who drops by. Used on an item, it involves fiddling, interacting, observing, and trying the object in different situations and environments.


Where Investigation favors certain kind of information, best handled with books, calls, and discussion, Surveillance comes at things from the other direction, and starts at the top right corner of a clue grid (or three spaces for a 3x3 or larger). You can only target these spaces or ones that connect to them by way of consecutive, orthogonally adjacent unlocks. When you target a space, you can roll for it, using a die that grows in size for every completed row/column. On a success, you get the unlocked space and bonus clues- usually half of what that space offers. On a failure, nothing happens.


However, there are traps to watch out for. If you roll the same number you’ve already rolled this surveillance action, or if you attempt to roll a space that someone’s engaged in recent counter-intel for, you get a strike (the roll still goes through if a rerolled number). On getting three strikes, your Surveillance ends and something bad happens.


If a person, your target gets information on you, equivalent to a space on the clue grid, as well as information you were stalking them.
If a place, relevant people are made aware you were there. If they had people actively keeping watch, treat as ‘person’, above.
If an object, it may activate, lose charge and go on cooldown, or misfire and cause harm to you.


Spending a relevant clue or putting forth a theory for partial (numbers 1-3) or complete (1-6) information about a space can recover numbers, treating them as if you hadn’t rolled it yet. This has a 50% chance of blocking a strike if you do it in reaction to rolling a number, so may be better to do before rolling. For obvious reasons, one will want to be sure about theories put forward. High level clues can have other benefits.


You can also spend a relevant clue to check for counter-intel. Depending on the clue tier, it will check 1, 5, 7, or all spaces on the grid.


[clue grids]


You have two completed rows/columns, and roll a d8


[LW grid]


You can collect a space to surveil, or spend a clue to check for malfeasance.




Fossick applied, knife on cooldown, Relationships x status reduced in cost.




[LW grid]




%roll 1d8 (Relationships x Status, 3+)
"(Relationships x Status, 3+)" [6] = 6






Chapter 4 - Interlude


Setting up near where the Little Wolf exited the city, you wait for a few hours with Clover and Penny alternating in keeping you company, periodically bringing you food or water, or keeping watch while you take a leak, where necessary.


As the hour gets late, a slice of red catches your eye, and you see the Little Wolves emerge. One you recognize, with the long lashes and wild hair. The other is a boy, with very wavy blond hair, covering one eye. He looks like he could be a prince, but is dressed fairly shabbily, with a sleeveless gray undershirt and loose fitting pants held up by a single red suspender.


“I arrived just after they left. I thought the buzzy thing was part of the Path, then it came after me, hahaha.”


“Okay.”


“We should push our way onto that Path, scout it out, find the rules, and figure out how to fuck with them.”


“We?”


“Come on, Blaze,” he says, laying on the charm, leaning in close. “We might have a better chance of cornering them if we go two on one. Or three on one.”


“Poppy and some of the others want a try at them first. Soon. I want to fuck with them here, first. That doesn’t break the deal. Don’t slow me down.”


“I’m hungry though,” he says, and the hand nearest her head grips her hair, pulling hard-
she slaps his hand away. He pouts.


“I’m not your food of choice,” she says. “Don’t eat me. If you don’t slow me down and manage to help somehow, we can go find someone for you to eat later.”












THE MYSTERY OF THE LITTLE WOLVES


[clue grid]


Status × Relationships


Little Wolves can hunt alone or in packs, but when they group together, act as if it’s more mission than friendship. Their dynamic is playfully antagonistic at best, and mutual sabotage or hate at worst. It wouldn’t take much to set them against one another, if the right angle was found.






There's a catch here... (Navigation)


[Locked padlock clue]


To see more of the Little Wolves’ movements and the dynamics at play, there’s a requirement; you’re going to need a better look at places personal to them. Unlocking this space has an added requirement where you need to get into the red room somehow, or find a way to observe them there. Until you do, this grid space can only take you so far.






[Rapacious II clue]


You get a Rapacious clue for your unlock.






%roll 1d8 (Secrets x History, 4+)
"(Secrets x History, 4+)" [2] = 2








Chapter 4 - Interlude


“You ever wonder who we were?” the boy asks. “Before?”


“I have a very firm mental image of who I was,” Blaze says. “I picture the most legendary little girl who ever lived, rich, like a princess, but I didn’t care about that shit, I slummed it, and I kicked ass, tore the grapes off bigger kids and made them eat ‘em, and made smaller ones kiss my feet. Then I guess I found my way to the Forest Ribbon Trail and I figured it out in a way most practitioners don’t… and now I’m even more of a legend. And you, Flanagan…”


“Yeah?”


“I figure your mom was so syphilitic she didn’t even realize she was giving birth to you, left you on the street, so wretched people didn’t recognize you as a human baby, and you got raised by a foreign sewer rat.”


“Do you imagine I took a sewer rat sibling as my boon companion?” he asks, smiling.


“Who knows? Who cares?”


“Seriously though. You ever wonder if the very unique ways we’re fucked up tie back to who we were? I eat cherubs, and you… you’re so much more fucked up than most of us.”


A passing adult in earshot gives them a disapproving look.


“The Japanese girl is looking into that,” Blaze says. “She says yeah, for sure. It’ll destroy her, you know? Trying too hard to figure this out? Looking where we’re not meant to look.”






THE MYSTERY OF THE LITTLE WOLVES


[clue grid]


History x Secrets


Little Wolves have oddities and tastes that are believed to tie back to who they once were. Most don’t seem inclined to look- possibly because finding out their actual history or origin would be bad for them.






%roll 2d2 (type, tier)
"(type, tier)" [2] [2] = 4




[Rapacious II clue]


You get a Rapacious clue for your unlock.






%roll 1d8 (What number gets rolled?)
"(What number gets rolled?)" [5] = 5






Chapter 4 - Interlude


Blaze has a habit of touching things as she walks, poking at odds and ends in front of stores, brushing fingers along clothing. As she does, she picks up a piece of sea glass. Reflective.


Her head whips around- and you step out of sight, maybe a moment late.


“What is it?” Flanagan asks.


“Dunno. Let’s split up. Go. Eat. I’ll find you later, maybe.”


Blaze was intentionally toying with things so she could surreptitiously watch her back. She has a sense she might be being followed. Her methods may have changed. Flanagan is going another route, and will have his own method. You should decide who you’re following.






Relationships x Patterns is clear of shenanigans.




%roll 1d8 (Relationships x Patterns, 6+)
"(Relationships x Patterns, 6+)" [8] = 8






THE MYSTERY OF THE LITTLE WOLVES


[clue grid]


Patterns x Relationships


Little Wolves are pressured by a quota of sorts- a certain number of Paths practitioners they must deal with in a certain timeframe. Failing to meet the quota sees increasing attention from the Wolf, who may test or challenge them, sometimes making the challenges so hard they inevitably fail, and get the Wolf’s worst punishments. This is likely why they inevitably return to pursuing a target that foils them- they must.








Another Requirement... (Others)


[Locked mask clue]


To pursue this further, you need to look elsewhere, to figure out dynamics, power distributions, backgrounds, and context - initiate the necessary mysteries and solve seven rows/columns for individual Little Wolves.






Relationships Cleared


You’re getting a sense of the place they occupy in the greater web- antagonistic and unpleasant, offputting and dangerous. Their relationship to you and your relationship to them is a piece of this puzzle as much as anything - your counterintelligence measures against Little Wolves echo-repeating at half strength once they’d expire, be it watching something or changing locations. Their measures against you are less effective, giving you a chance you wouldn’t otherwise have. Can open some dialogue options with Little Wolves and those closely affiliated with them.






%roll 2d2 (type, tier)
"(type, tier)" [1] [1] = 2




[Wolf II clue]






How do you spend your downtime?


3.i.5.a
Explore a location known to you.


3.i.5.b
Shopping to go see what’s available in stores (or call the Gadsens to buy a book from them)


3.i.5.c
Ritual, perform a different ritual you know.


3.i.5.d
Research, studying a practice to get a sense of directions you could take it, or an item, to get a sense of how it works, if not fully understood.


3.i.5.e
Reading, reading a book to make some headway. You’re best at reading Paths and Scrivening texts.


3.i.5.f
Investigate, reading, making calls, and doing background research to tackle the mysteries and hand, for a safe but sure way to build up your knowledge about the puzzles before you.


3.i.5.g
Utilize Intelligence - This works differently now, and is more focused on making guesses and managing your growing collection of clues.


Do two different Half Actions to fill one downtime slot:


Basic First Aid - Heal a heart.
Light Relaxation - Heal a morale
Light Socialization - Spend time with someone, observations & maintenance on a relationship. Or go on a date.
Maintenance - Clean your home/workspace, check wards and do general upkeep.
Skim Read - Lightly peruse some material for a 1d3 reading roll.
Work - Earn some money (see your Assets page for how much)


3.i.5.h
Try Surveillance (Free this Downtime arc) - A riskier proposition, higher risk and higher reward, tracking movements and observing targets- or places they’re known to frequent, to gather information from another angle.






[Worship I clue]


Inspired by brief interactions with bigger things, you turn your thoughts to gods and higher powers. It doesn’t seem to fit- this isn’t a thing made for power and worship, but a tool, something for craft, not made by humans, but the sort of higher quality thing that another being would manifest to do tasks of a certain level of precision- not scalpel fine, but not rough either.


Tools, Visceral, maybe something divine- this is something made by an Other, most likely, one that worked with primordial clay, the sort of thing gods use to shape visceral life out of nothing. This isn’t an earth-shattering tool, so they would have been relatively minor to midrange, making this in the early stages of their craft, before other powers, tools, and resources could take over and give them more control.
A similar Other, a Clay Sculptor, or a practitioner looking to dabble in Creation would show the most interest in this.


There’s little reason to expect this is cursed, but it’s not impossible. If so, the curse would most likely have come by the weapon being left alone and exposed to other things… or, maybe, single-digit percentage chance, of sabotage.


You can probably hand it in like this. Or you could research it to try to narrow down numbers or functionality.





A Look Inward


[Scrivening I clue]


Your experience with scrivening Others touches on a piece of your history- and your old friend, that you haven't dug into much. He taught you about scrivening practices, memetic and driven by information, language, and inspiration, and how those things could overlap with the Paths... or help break them over one’s knee. Could it be related to why you can’t remember yourself?


It’s not an easy question to answer, because your lack of history is such a void, you can only touch around the edges to see the shape of that wound- what of yourself was excised. It doesn’t feel like that shape was one of words or ideas. It’s more familiar than that, though you suspect the severance of Self happened long ago.






Chapter 4 - Interlude


While you’re putting in the work at the cannery, the boss calls you in. He’s noticed your efforts, and with workers talking in the background about organizing, he says he wonders if you’re loyal too. He’ll pay you more, with room down the road for a better position, if you’ll agree not to join them in that organizing. If you happened to pass along information that ends up in your locker or whispered in your ear, there might be a few extra dollars in there for you, and a faster track to promotion.


If you’ll give him firm assurances, you’ll get $1 every downtime and +1 to your Work rolls. He doesn’t specify what the ‘unrelated bonuses’ will be if you agree to pass on information.


For hearing him out, he takes the most generous interpretations of the extra hours you work this week, rounding twenty minutes here up to an hour there. You earn $8.


You’ve left some time free to socialize.




What do you do while socializing?


3.i.5.* Who do you socialize with? What do you do?
If going on a date, specify where, and any additional details.






Chapter 4 - Interlude


You call the Dormitory where Parker lives, and after a bit of back and forth, trying to catch one another when neither of you have phones, you arrange to meet. You enjoy dinner and visit the bookstore. You talk while you browse books, pointing out a few, Parker buys a couple at the counter, and you find a spot to sit and talk some more.


The subject of family comes up, where you’re unable to contribute much, except alluding to your boon companions as young relatives of sorts.


[You I clue]


Parker tells you about two new locations: there’s a place called Selma’s House, where some of Parker’s musician friends played at. It’s not a place students would get into trouble for going to, but it’s dimly lit with sultry singers and jazz, and from Parker’s descriptions, some of the clientele might overlap with that of the Crooked Pub, so the university admin wouldn’t be happy with it either... not to mention how some would look to the high proportion of black people, too. If too many students knew about it, all students would likely be excluded. Efforts are thus made to keep it a loose secret- one Parker is letting you in on. It might be a place to go for a future date, or to hire a mid-to-high end scoundrel for a task. Parker smiles while recounting how some professors were confused, because the trick is to always refer to it as going to Selma’s house- and professors think it’s a popular student in another major.


[Interact I clue] [Rose I clue]






There’s also a workshop on campus where they really don’t check who comes in, so long as there’s no problems. Parker makes it sound like you could drop in and use some of the workshop’s space if you ever had reason to.


[Tools I clue]


You talk about the union, work, and the boarding house, and, leaving details out, the crooked pub, with Helm and his wife. Parker wonders out loud about how Helm could think it would be justifiable.


The light mood of the evening is spoilt by a distant noise. The howl of a wolf, that sounds like it comes from within the city. It brings back memories, and leaves you disconcerted.


Morale: ++++++XXX


Parker, perhaps sensing the shift in mood, elects to wrap up the evening. You exchange a kiss before you part ways, and Parker leaves you a gift with a wink, leaving before you unwrap it. You’d pointed it out at the bookstore, joking briefly. It’s a copy of Naked and Oiled.


Your mood is mixed as you leave the park. Good humor from a nice evening- though you got the impression that somewhere nicer might be better. Bonus points if you pick somewhere interesting, but Selma’s House serves as a fallback- albeit one with a $1 entry fee per person.


Less good is the source of that howl. The fact Clover is ready to meet you as soon as you exit the park says a lot. “Sounds like Flanagan had his meal.”






How do you spend your downtime?


3.i.5.a
Explore a location known to you.


3.i.5.b
Shopping to go see what’s available in stores (or call the Gadsens to buy a book from them)


3.i.5.c
Ritual, perform a different ritual you know.


3.i.5.d
Research, studying a practice to get a sense of directions you could take it, or an item, to get a sense of how it works, if not fully understood.


3.i.5.e
Reading, reading a book to make some headway. You’re best at reading Paths and Scrivening texts.


3.i.5.f
Investigate, reading, making calls, and doing background research to tackle the mysteries and hand, for a safe but sure way to build up your knowledge about the puzzles before you.


3.i.5.g
Utilize Intelligence - This works differently now, and is more focused on making guesses and managing your growing collection of clues.


Do two different Half Actions to fill one downtime slot:


Basic First Aid - Heal a heart.
Light Relaxation - Heal a morale
Light Socialization - Spend time with someone, observations & maintenance on a relationship. Or go on a date.
Maintenance - Clean your home/workspace, check wards and do general upkeep.
Skim Read - Lightly peruse some material for a 1d3 reading roll.
Work - Earn some money (see your Assets page for how much)






Chapter 4 - Interlude


“It’s good that you came,” Kane greets you, as his doorman escorts you into the reading room. “Our citizens were attacked tonight. We believe it’s associated with you. Come in, sit. This is Mr. Post, expert in matters of Law and warped places…”


Mr. Post is a narrow man, skin tanned and blond hair lightened by the sun, who wears foreign jewelry around his neck and on hands with knobby knuckles, and a lot of it. His green patterned silk shirt contrasts the tan. He was described as the world traveler.


“You’ve met Mr. Brown, Immortal by way of Nature and Halfflight…”


The roughshod immortal. You wonder momentarily if the bulldog the Pencil Pusher mentioned in the Pound would like him.


“Mr. Privette. He’s only arrived recently, but we’ve corresponded for a long time, and had brief visits. New to everyone here. He’s to later be the face and day-to-day administrator of an institution I want to set up here in this city. Practitioner generalist and duelist.”


The man looks extraordinarily ordinary, in his forties or fifties, with gray having taken over half of his otherwise dark hair, jowls, and bags under his eyes, but wears a cape over one shoulder, and uses one hand to toy with a wand.


“And the Others,” Kane finishes, before pausing. He looks serious.








“Tonight, in the early evening hours, a young practitioner waylaid a Miss Augustine—” Penny reacts. Clover leans over to whisper in her ear. Penny nods.


“—a child of a wealthy local family, as she crossed from a neighbor’s property to her family’s—a short walk through groomed woodland. He scared her, chased her, and tackled her to the ground, before taking hold of locks of her hair in his mouth and tearing them out of her scalp… we’re not sure if he ate them. Our warden, Dorsey, is visiting the location to see if there’s enough on the ground to be able to tell, among other investigations. They’re not sure if all of the hair will grow back. He also ate a piece of her ear, and one of her fingernails, eaten directly from the finger. He taunted her, telling her there were many others like him out there, and that it was her fault for being out after dark.


“Had you not come, I would have sent for you. Mr. Post is capable of some healing, if we can contrive to get him inside- we may borrow the fairies for that. But we need more specifics to know if something will interfere in that process, and that’s only the physical injury. It will do nothing about the experience. Ms. Delreal is visiting a colleague who toys with dreams, perhaps that will help, but it’s safe to say damage has been done, and this is being treated as a serious matter. I’m inclined to forbid passage from this city to the realms you’ve described, at least for a short time, if this is the trouble that’s brought back. Tell us what you can. It may affect my decision and the durations I set.”






What do say first?
3.i.5.* What topic do you raise first?


Second?
3.i.5.* What topic do you raise second?


Third?
3.i.5.* …


Fourth?
3.i.5.* …








"I've killed one and I've been tracking two more. They've been entering the city from a specific door in the industrial district, which opens onto somewhere it shouldn't. A red room. They carry a key they use to get back in. I don't know if barring travel to or from the Paths will keep them out, because I don't know whether the room is there."


“Post can investigate that. Post?”


“I’m familiar with that sort of space. I can look into it.”


“Take protection. I’m not saying you’re not capable, but…”


“Yes.”


"They're practitioners, but something's gone Wrong with them. They have habits, compulsions, a powerful patron Other. This one that did the attack, Flanagan, a blond boy, about twelve, with hair covering one eye, and ragged clothing - he can be expected to do it again, unless he's tracked down and killed."


“Which isn’t the way this works.”


The voice is female, and young.


“Lord Kane, I’m told? Others. I go by Blaze,” the Little Wolf says, as she walks into the reading room. “I’m here to announce myself and my companions as practitioners passing through your region.


“What Sinclair fails to mention is that we were invited here. Sinclair suggested we hunt them, as part of the deal for the life of those two boon companions, perhaps because they had such an easy time with one of our novices, they thought the rest of us would be easy targets. We’re following through on that. Me and my companions are stalkers, saboteurs, tricksters, hunters and huntresses by precedents that predate the Seal, and what would be wrong is if you perverted that natural order or interfered with that invitation and let them convince you to hunt us, instead.”






Chapter 4 - Interlude


"Interfering with a wolf's hunt is perverting the natural order? People killing wolves for hunting the wrong targets predates the Seal, too. The deal I made to protect these kids was that you could hunt me. Miss Augustine was no part of that, and Flanagan should know that full well. You're here presenting yourself like you've been following the rules, but he hasn't played ball. Are you taking responsibility for your pack, announcing on their behalf?"


“I thought you would have announced us already. We’re as tied to you as your boon companions, and where you go, you’ll have les Petits Loups keeping you company. If you did a ritual that invited hungry, wild wolves to appear where you do, in exchange for power, wealth, or beauty, it should be no surprise that people get hurt wherever you go. The fault and responsibility lies with you, not with us. That’s what happened here, but for, hm, three key points.”


She holds up fingers. “One. It was for a spirit’s life, not wealth or beauty. Two. Binding deals with something Old protects this and secures it with Law, so it is more tenacious a deal than a simple ritual. Three, we are willing to negotiate where wild wolves could not. Initial offer, disable and hand over the person who made the deal. It’s the cleanest solution, we’ll have no more reason to be in your city, and I’ll tell the others to stay out. They’ll listen, they fear me.”










Chapter 4 - Interlude


[Rapacious II clue] 
Rapacious clue spent.


Rapacious practices occupy an odd place in things, as you’ve seen with Lynch and heard about, with the Crooked Pub’s practitioners. Some manage by being more useful than they are a problem, that’s not what’s happening here. Instead, the Little Wolves are leaning on precedent and old laws, for which the Wolf almost certainly qualifies. But Little Wolves themselves aren’t that old, as your investigation indicated.


Your bigger problem is that a lot hinges on Kane’s patience, and he’s liable to speak up and cut things short- probably to take whatever option makes things simplest. Blaze is playing to that. Even with a compromise, things would be bad. Little Wolves have very little at stake, but if you get evicted from the Lordship, you lose a lot, and may be exposed enough they can get you where you live or sleep.


In a sense, you are framed as the Rapacious practitioner here. Can you be more valuable than you are costly to keep around? Or can you find a way to clear yourself of that label?








Chapter 4 - Interlude


“You argue like a child. First you say you’re here to announce, then you deflect; if you are so unwilling to claim responsibility for your pack, why should this council believe they will heed or heel you? You claim to be wild, irresponsible, unaccountable wolves in one breath, then say you’re open to negotiating de-escalation the next. You cite ancient Law, but your kind haven’t operated in force much longer than a decade.


“The bargains you made with your foul master, that gave you dark appetites and subversive abilities, were for your own gain. The bargain I took was to protect the Innocent. Clover can attest to that.”


“Oh, uh, yes, absolutely, that was Sinclair’s aim,” Clover says, looking bewildered. “Was going to say something else but yeah.”


There’s a moment where you try to see what she might say, but she shakes her head. You’re left to continue.


“This rabble are only here to cause mischief and pain. I am willing to pledge my service to this city, continuing in the forthright manner in which I have begun: diagnosing wild elements and providing unique insights with the unconventional tools of a Seeker of the Paths, covering bases others cannot.


“They can hunt me on their master’s turf, not yours.”


“Do you wish to respond, Lord Kane, or should I?” Blaze asks, trying to tuck wild hair behind her ear- it doesn’t really work. Her eyes are hard to read behind her lashes.


“I’d ask what you’re offering, Sinclair Sinclair,” Lord Kane says, “that wasn’t already expected, agreed on, or given. That much is expected of any practitioner who stays… and most stay without bringing trouble down on our heads. If a place lacks one knowledgeable in Law or protection practices, they can find themselves wanting. We haven’t found ourselves wanting a practitioner of the Paths yet... except perhaps to handle the issue that the sole visiting practitioner of the Paths brought with them, and we’re not even firm on that, yet…”


He holds up a finger, because he’s not done.






Chapter 4 - Interlude


“Little Wolf,” Lord Kane says, “You’ve misrepresented yourself. You’re an agent of something Old, not something Old yourself. How do you answer Sinclair Sinclair’s points?”


She shifts position, holding up one hand. “If you bar us, but let Sinclair stay, you risk bigger issues. That I can swear to you. The moment Sinclair, by cowardice, injury, or accident, decides to retire from the Paths, you find yourself positioned between something Old and her target. We must be allowed to hunt, for the deal to work, and if you, by an agreement you’ve struck, bar us from that, our patron will come to find out why, and resolve the snarl. If you let us both stay, we will prowl, and there will be more casualties. Some of us have appetites…”


“Or,” she says, raising the other hand. “You evict and bar all things and practices of the Paths. That’s one answer. Or you can give Sinclair over to us… and we leave. That’s not a deflection, that’s common sense. Why would we stay if our prey is elsewhere? But I’ll do you one better, a pledge: agree to hand over every Paths practitioner who passes through this place, and I’m confident I can go to my patron and make a deal to keep all Little Wolves from this place.”


“I’ll gainsay Sinclair on three points,” she says, before you can respond. By necessity, she’s given the floor. “We are not only here to cause mischief and pain. I made some purchases, enjoyed food, and listened to music. I would not say I argue like a child, I’m older than I look and I can hold an argument in my head for a while without resorting to stubborn tantrums. And Sinclair Sinclair cannot truthfully say the bargains we made with the Wolf were for our own gain. I’d challenge them to prove it so.”






Chapter 4 - Interlude


[Wolf II clue]
Wolf II clue spent.


Your current plan isn’t the route to take- you’ve made an assertion about a deal for which a lack of information is absolute and pronounced, even to the Little Wolves themselves. Gainsaying is certain on that count, likely on the count of childishness, and the weakest argument is how she’s spent her time here… and arguing that line is almost certain to backfire (as are the others), because you’re playing her game.


They’re antagonists. She’s here to wear down, wear out, and sever ties between you and the locals. Arguing minutiae and counter-gainsaying turns this into a scrap and does just that. If you don’t win absolutely, which you’re unlikely to, the Lord and perhaps even the council will lose patience here and cut straight to a conclusion. Others are in attendance, he’ll probably ask them for input. Maybe consider them as well.






“Gainsaying or no, it doesn’t change the misrepresentation in her earlier argument: To my knowledge, she and her pack do not have Legal writ to cause harm to Innocents in your Lordship unchallenged, not unless you give that precedent to them, and the consequences she threatens only come to pass if I cease running Paths altogether.


“I can swear an oath right now that, while I reside here, I shall not decide to permanently retire* from the Paths so long as I have the ability to visit them. And if I’m ever permanently prevented from entering the Paths, I’ll excuse myself from the Lordship, or give others the warrant to exclude me themselves.


“Despite my relative lack of experience, what I have access to is relatively unique: I have armor that can stop a naval cannon, I’ve seen an observatory which can look upon much, if not all, of the known world, and, as I’ve demonstrated, I’m capable of more routine tasks.


“To prove my good faith, I can also swear now that I will provide each present Council member, or the group they represent, one service, to make up for the problem the Wolves’ pursuit has caused.”


“If you declined to run the Paths until the day before you died,” Blaze says, “That wouldn’t be retirement, but it would run against the spirit of the deal, the Wolf herself would appear here to correct that. By that same token, the longer Sinclair delays, even if it’s because of illness, injury, or circumstances that take the decision from them, the greater the chance the Wolf appears here in reality, using the deal to open the way. You’d rather have a thousand of us as guests here, I can say that much.”


“Enough,” Kane says. “The Little Wolves are natural antagonists of the Path runners, this debate could go on all night. Diasporadica. Fetch the knife and any notes on it.”






Chapter 4 - Interlude


The fairy takes flight, flies over, and tries to lift the knife that is bigger than she is. When she can’t, she dances, and produces three more fairies. Three of them just barely manage, while the fourth takes your notes, thin as they are.


“A starting point,” Kane says, reviewing the papers. “Not what I would hold up as a testament to the quality of general work I bring to the table, in your shoes. Still, a job done is better than nothing at all. Thank you. I’ll see to your payment later. For now…”


He looks over to Privette. “Thoughts?”


“I’m very interested to see how you administrate here. To give my own input, I was a vice-headmaster, I’m swayed by actions in defense of children, and actions against them. That came up only briefly. On the one hand, another Little Wolf hurt a girl terribly. On the other, Sinclair talked proudly about killing one and stalking two more. You look young, Blaze, but you’re older than you look, and you say you’re not a child. These others-?”


Blaze stands up straighter and reports, “Are younger than me. The one Sinclair killed was a child and a novice, pit against Sinclair because she had too kind a heart, and wouldn’t prey on people enough. The Wolf called on her, to meet Sinclair, and she was returned to our meeting place, head caved in.”


“I would not feel confident throwing my support behind them, then.”






Chapter 4 - Interlude


“Post? Brown?”


Brown answers, “Post told me once that he plans to live to be in excess of two hundred years, by dint of the forces he’s tapped, visited, good health and good diet.”


“Essentially so,” Post confirms.


“I’m immortal, as are you, Lord Kane. The Others in attendance may feel the same way. A service to be possibly granted, if Sinclair lives that long, with a narrow window of time, comparatively, is tricky. It can be awkward, to contrive a way to make use of that, before the years fly by.”


“It can,” Kane agrees.


“Let’s clarify the terms. Balancing the risk that Sinclair doesn’t live through the week, let’s open the window wider. Anyone they induct into practice is included in the deal, to do one service, and to include those they induct into the deal, as part of their awakening. Once a service is done for a council member who is present in this region now and present at the time of service, under Lord Kane or, saints and sevens forbid, a Lord that succeeds them, it is cleared for all Sinclairs and all inducted. With this in mind, should I decide to approach Sinclair’s great, great granddaughter’s apprentice with a favor, they can do it for me, and that will be that.”


“I would agree with this,” Post says. “Favor, not a grace, weighed by the fact we’ll have to increase security, protections, and expend power and resources to undo harm done, should a stray Little Wolf harm anyone. I want the oath sworn, as well, to not retire.”


“Your thoughts?” Kane asks you.






Chapter 4 - Interlude


“Agreed.”


“Alright. Others?”


The odd man with the bowler hat and puzzle box asks, “Are we Others counted as individual council members?”


“At this time, we have twenty-one council members, if we count those who can be called on by myself when needed,” Kane says. “Several sit at Delreal’s table, others are independent. We have five Others I include in this council. I fold Diasporadica’s nest into care beneath her, and trust her to choose a favor that supports the entire nest, the fairies get but one favor. In short, yes, you would be counted, Crossways.”


“You’re going to forbid Little Wolf action for a short duration, gainsay Sinclair for earlier statements, but extend protection at the same time. Nobody, Sinclair included, is to be targeted or killed?”


“It buys me time to investigate and reach out to contacts,” Kane says. “Yes.”


“I’m an Other who pays a great deal of mind to traps and unless Sinclair Sinclair realizes the one they’re walking into with this oath, I suspect they won’t last long enough to dole out a favor. Even with your protection.”


“Spoilsport,” Blaze murmurs, smiling a bit.


Crossways carries on, saying, “I suggest collateral. Token offerings to each of us twenty-one and five, to be our reward for accepting and having our own responsibility in this deal, given in advance, given to keep, should Sinclair pass.”


“Too steep for a novice practitioner,” Kane says. “Instead, three things to be given over to this council for safekeeping, that hurt to give up. A choice of one of the three returned when a favor is done. Once three are done, provided there’s no clear intent to skirt this deal, it can carry on as it needs to.”






Chapter 4 - Interlude


“Sinclair Sinclair is crafting the oath to avoid responsibility in a situation they are rendered comatose or injured,” the gaunt and eerie ‘Auntie O’ says. “If they swear their deal but are rendered comatose, a Wolf may descend on us nonetheless. The Little Wolf is sly, but I believe her that it would be something terrible, that scars this city for the rest of its history. Forbid their entry, but set an additional rule in place. If this practitioner is ever rendered to such a state that they cannot visit the Paths as they regularly do, for a full season [4 downtime/excursion cycles], and the Wolf would have excuse to arrive and push for the deal, the Little Wolves will be granted access to do with the practitioner as they will, and stay out thereafter. Encouragement to not be rendered comatose, frozen in time, or anything of that nature.”


“The Little Wolves would have permission to do only that, before leaving,” Lord Kane says.


“There are still situations where you run into issues,” Blaze says. “And we must be allowed to hunt other Paths practitioners, as required. Have the deal end when Sinclair expires or we claim Sinclair and take them away.”


“We may deal with those situations as they come up, and yes.”


“Acceptable,” Blaze says.


“Acceptable?” Kane asks you.






Chapter 4 - Interlude


“I’m a novice practitioner, and I don't know the difference between a favor and a grace, and how that differs from the service we offered. What sorts of things would a favor entail?”


“A task, that imposes some risk, but isn’t so dangerous that one is outright expected to fail, completable in a reasonably short span of time. A nonviolent errand that may pull one away from things, completable in a week’s time, perhaps two, if one is given assistance, leeway, and-or clear directions. Such that it doesn’t interfere with your soon-to-be-sworn obligations to run Paths. Or a puzzle or riddle, to be solved in a long period of time, with one having plenty of time to see to other matters throughout.”






Chapter 4 - Interlude


You spend a Rapacious II clue.


These sorts of bargains don’t generally permit for a Lord to have someone be ambushed with multiple contradictory favors, or malicious intent, unless the Lord is of a particularly dark or predatory stripe, which Kane doesn’t seem to be. Similarly, a LW wouldn’t be allowed to hire someone or use the council. That’s not it.


Rapacious clues aren’t the type you need for this answer, but at tier 2, it does permit for you to rule something out - this isn’t someone coming at you or taking advantage. This is you setting yourself up for possible failure or a very hard time, depending on how things are likely to be set up, going forward.








Chapter 4 - Interlude


You spend a Binding I clue.


The way the deal is currently being framed, Blaze expects the Little Wolves to be able to hunt you without you hiding off-Path for long stretches, and suggests the Wolf will come to the city in person if the deal is being interfered with. Multiple people have objected to the narrow and insufficient interpretations of ‘permanently retire’ and ‘decide to’ in your initial framing, and you won’t be able to lean hard on that.


If you agree to a deal that you won’t take a break from the Paths for long enough that this isn’t a problem (which is the direction this discussion is going by necessity), but also get gainsaid for a period of time, you’ll be in a position where you can visit the Paths, theoretically, but it’s prohibitively difficult to do because you can’t practice and you’re no longer Aware, like you were when you first entered the Forest Ribbon Trail. Further, even if you do get there, there’s a solid chance the snail boon might block your exit, leaving you stuck there, relatively defenseless, having also just given up three items ‘that hurt to give’ to the council as collateral.


In the worst case scenario, you’re unable to get onto the Paths in the timeframe you’ll be pledging to. In the best case scenario, you’re gainsaid and scrambling or further indebting yourself to find a way there, and potentially in a tight spot once there.








Chapter 4 - Interlude


"With all of that in mind, I'm inclined to agree, but at the council's mercy, I have some small requests in light of not only the trap that awaits me, but the stripping of my limited resources as collateral:


First, a shorter gainsaying period. Whether this makes the gainsaying more severe and total or not, I'll leave up to your judgment of how much weight Blaze's accusations actually held, so as not to relitigate. The point is that none of us want to deal with the Wolf, and I'd rather not invite it here if the gainsaying is too lengthy and I am incapable of entering the Paths.


Second, that I be asked for a favor in the near future which does not require my practice, or failing the first request, one which can be completed more easily with a stifled practice. This being meant to allow me to earn back my protections more readily with the time I will have on my hands as a result of today's unfortunate circumstances."


“In light of the fact you chose to come here to address us, instead of forcing us to bring you here, some small leeway can be given. With this in mind, I can put forward the judgment. As Crossways suggests, the Little Wolves are barred from this city for the time being. A short banning should not invite the Wolf, and it buys this council time to research the subject and discuss behind the scenes. In the meantime, we’ll address Ms. Augustine, her healing, and the necessary reparations there.


“Second, you’ve agreed, by way of a bargain with something old, to allow yourself to be hunted. Though it might well have been good in intent, there’s a latent danger that sometimes comes with such bargains. It’s my interpretation that if you do not go to the Paths, their preferred hunting ground, they will find you here. If they cannot access you here, the burden falls on whoever or whatever is barring access- which would likely be myself and this city, or whatever practitioner sets up the barrier. Likely Dorsey, who you have not met. In the worst case scenario, it would be the Wolf itself that arrives. A powerful Old thing. Is this correct, Blaze?”


“Correct.”


“With that in mind, I would be seeking an oath from Sinclair Sinclair, to minimize harm done by this deal they’ve made. That they visit the paths every month and a half- roughly every forty-five days [2.5 downtime cycles, that’s 2, then 3], or face immediate eviction, and should they be incapacitated or otherwise unable to visit once a season [4 downtime cycles], the Little Wolves may claim them. It’s my understanding that this addresses the problem at hand, where the deal must have its inroads.”






Agree to the oath as described?
3.i.5.a Y/N










Chapter 4 - Interlude


“So sworn.”


“Sinclair and those of Sinclair’s line, defined by induction to the Seal, by or on behalf of Sinclair, owe favors to council members, be they present or not. The nature of a favor and what’s expected of those of Sinclair’s line has already been discussed, I don’t think anyone’s confused about that. A list of council members will be made available. Diasporadica still requires help with the local goblins, and that’s a task that requires no practice. Three items will be held as collateral, in case Sinclair passes before restitution is made. I’ll nominate the ones I can see from here,” Kane says.


He indicates the March Flair, the Marching Jacket, and the Teak Vest.


“But in lieu of any of those, either or both of Sinclair’s boon companions may instead keep me company as collateral themselves, with their agreement and Sinclair’s. This can be changed at any time- send one of them to us, the item will be delivered promptly. When the next three favors are done, one item or boon companion of choice will be freed up and returned to Sinclair. I may ask for further collateral if you do not seem to be completing tasks- a minimum of one per season.”


“As to the gainsaying, a lion’s share of my concern here is that I don’t wish to provoke an Old power by barring its servants from the territory, taking a firm side against those servants by going easy on matters of deal and word. We need time for mail to be sent and to arrive, and I know Post likes to have time to travel and meet people face to face. Sinclair wants a shorter duration, so I’ll match the ban to that. Let’s hope we do not regret this. Three weeks of time to the ban and gainsaying both. Objections?”






Objections?
3.i.5.a No objections
3.i.5.* State your objections. This may cost goodwill.






Chapter 4 - Interlude


“Then let’s call it settled for now. We’ll reconvene when the three weeks are over. If you have other business, you can raise it now. Blaze, I’m exercising my power as Lord to evict you and all others and bar all access.


You’re gainsaid for 21 days. At the end of this downtime, you’ll immediately start another. Boons and banes remain active but ones with a practice component aren’t treated as if you have them slotted into your Mastery tree (seen on the first page of the player doc) - they don’t gain experience and/or aren’t treated as managed. In brief, your coin works, and you still have your boon companions.


The fairy issue with the goblins has been taken on as a task. You can explore to the Fairy Nest to tackle it.




Do you have anything you want to bring up? Anything to address?
3.i.5.a No
3.i.5.* Yes. (State what)






%roll 2d3
[3] [3] = 6


%roll 2d3
[3] [2] = 5






Chapter 4 - END, Chapter 5 Begin


Blaze, who seems pleased with things and how they’ve gone, insofar as you can read her expression, takes her leave, brushing close to you to say, “Catch you later.”


She’s a step away when Clover gets in her way and grabs her wrist. Clover isn’t strong enough to do anything past that, but Penny helps, getting your wallet out of Blaze’s hand before Clover lets go. The pair hand your wallet back to you, watching warily as the Little Wolf leaves.


With the knife returned and nothing you want to raise in front of the council, you wrap up, walk home, and feel an emptiness- the Paths will have to wait for a bit. This was an experience, one with some takeaways.


[Law II clue] [Wolf I clue]


You’re free to set your schedule for the coming weeks.






[DOWNTIME V]




%roll 1d3
[1] = 1


%roll 1d3 Naked & Oiled
"Naked & Oiled" [2] = 2


You've gained 1 progress in the Wilderness Handbook and 2 in Naked and Oiled.




How do you spend your downtime?


3.i.5.a
Explore a location known to you.


3.i.5.b
Shopping to go see what’s available in stores (or call the Gadsens to buy a book from them)


3.i.5.c
Ritual, perform a different ritual you know.


3.i.5.d
Research, studying a practice to get a sense of directions you could take it, or an item, to get a sense of how it works, if not fully understood.


3.i.5.e
Reading, reading a book to make some headway. You’re best at reading Paths and Scrivening texts.


3.i.5.f
Surveil, stalking and watching a person, place, or thing, or spend a while observing and interacting with a thing.


3.i.5.g
Investigate, reading, making calls, and doing background research to tackle the mysteries and hand, for a safe but sure way to build up your knowledge about the puzzles before you.


3.i.5.h
Utilize Intelligence - This works differently now, and is more focused on making guesses and managing your growing collection of clues.


3.i.5.1/2
Do two different Half Actions to fill one downtime slot:


Basic First Aid - Heal a heart.
Light Relaxation - Heal a morale
Light Socialization - Spend time with someone, observations & maintenance on a relationship. Or go on a date.
Maintenance - Clean your home/workspace, check wards and do general upkeep.
Skim Read - Lightly peruse some material for a 1d3 reading roll.
Work - Earn some money (see your Assets page for how much)






%roll 1d100
[30] = 30


%roll 2d3
[1] [1] = 2






Things forgotten in the shuffle.


Your latest statement from the credit company says your Field Notes have earned you $4.30.


Your herbs haven’t grown.


Your Dogfight Cap and Ribbon Glass have recovered from attribution & fossicking.








Chapter 5 - Visiting the Spirit Doctor


The woman who sees you at the door looks weary, and wary. She looks a bit more ordinary than you might’ve expected, but wears heavy jewelry, and her place is so dense with the smell of incense and flowers that it’s a bit oppressive.


“I can tell you’ve been through a lot,” she says. “But I can’t tell if you’re genuine. I’ve had a lot of men and women come to me, pretending to be clients, only to threaten me, steal, spread lies, or preach to me. Some worse things. Before you say or do anything, I want you to know I’m a helper and a healer.”


She pauses. She’s seen your boon companions, standing back.


“Spirits. In a sense. My name is Joanna. I’m a member of the council in good standing, but I’m not a strong practitioner. My interests and abilities are narrow. Come in.”


She invites you in, and steps into the open area behind her little abode to where a fire burns, putting a kettle on, before she returns inside. She looks you over, head to toe. “You’re wounded, in more ways than one. Your Self is in shambles, and that was before something terrible raked you over the coals.”


The reminder hurts.


Morale: ++++++XXX


“What do you need?” she asks.






What do you need?


5.i.1.* What do you need?


        


Chapter 5 – Visiting the Spirit Doctor


“I’ve been struggling with things, since bad experiences. I’d like to get them taken care of.”


“It’s an open wound. Getting it sorted out would be smart, but the damage that was done is ongoing, and big enough it will want outlets. Given time, you’ll find new issues coming up, or old issues will swell. Let me look at your palms. Now your eyes… the body tells a story.”


“A hole in your heart, that you need the vulnerable to fill. I can shrink that. Close it with another session. Something in you sits askew, and people can sense it, like a drone the ears cannot hear, that the heart does, that sets teeth on edge. And passion, tied to your need for the vulnerable, turned toward projects. It’s a kind of obsession and perfectionism. Yes, except for the hole in the heart, I can eliminate these. The hole shrinks in the one session, closes in the other.


You should know that when you do have children, your traumas will be passed onto them in some form- not always one for one, but close analogues. The obsession for creative work could become an obsession over possessions, a refusal to let anything go, and hoard instead, as one example. A terrible anger can become a response to anger in this. I’m sorry to say this, but you may not be able to completely avoid making your difficulties that of your children. This is true for all parents, but your wounds run deep.”


She leans away from your face, done examining your eyes. “For the first session, ten dollars. I normally ask for something personal to sacrifice, or two more dollars worth of materials for the ritual, and you’d have to schedule for an upcoming week. This first time, I have the materials, the time, I can oblige. Maybe you do me a grace in kind, down the road.”




Do you want to heal something?


5.1.1.a
Reduce Fostering from major to minor


5.1.1.b
Remove Upsetting


5.1.1.c
Remove Unrestrained Creativity


5.1.1.d
Say no to healing.


5.1.1.*
Say something else, ask something else.






Chapter 5 – Visiting the Spirit Doctor


She has you lie down on a table covered in a floral cloth and remove clothing from your upper body.


“I’m not the first to do this,” she says, as she sets about working. Your back briefly arches, and spirits are pulled out, suspended above you. A swirl of things that make you you. “Removing something from you. My method is to address the spirits. Even spiritual misalignment like this has a spirit representing it. Give it form, then extract it. It’s like pulling on a rope, tied to all the right things, pulling those things into order, organized.”


She does just that.


Your people-upsetting spiritual misalignment is given a form, shuddering and agitated, its shape rumpled, with eyes and expressions forming in those rumples, giving you a dirty look, then doing the same to her.


“I can speak its language,” she says, “Which is why I’m a spirit speaker as much as anything. It’s already told me it made you an enemy of a knave. It shifted things last night. It has made people less likely to cooperate with you at other times. I let you know this for full disclosure, and so you know that I’m killing it now, so you can know I don’t keep these things to keep whispering their secrets.”


She manages to get it onto a plate, then pierces it with a dagger angled to reflect sunlight.


She takes her time, her back to you, letting you recover with the spirits settling back in, and she washes her hands, arms, and face in clean water.


Then she turns to look you in the eye.


“More essential things have been cut away from you and they’re walking around and talking now. It wasn’t me that did it, or anyone like me.”






What to say/discuss?


5.i.1.a Make an appointment for more healing later.
5.i.1.* Something to ask? Say?








Chapter 5 - Visiting the Spirit Doctor


Explain the favor owed, and that she can call on us, or a descendent, when the time comes.


“I’m aware,” she said. “I had a visit from a very annoying fairy to let me know last night’s council business. It doesn’t affect how I treat you. I’m considering leaving anyway, it doesn’t suit me to scrabble for some favor from someone I haven’t seen before today, before I move on to somewhere new.”


Do you have anything to bring up? Anyone you want to address?
3.1.5.a No
3.1.5.* Yes. (State what)






Chapter 5 - Visiting the Spirit Doctor


Council Meeting


Ask about the pieces of ourself out there, and if they would be like that spirit.


“I don’t know where they are or what they look like. All I know is I can see the movements and hear the whispers of the shadows your spirits cast. There are either a lot of them, or they’re strong. More coherent than what I pulled out. And they weren’t taken out with a practice like mine. There is more art to it than that. Be careful.”


[You I clue]


What to say/discuss?
5.1.1.a Make an appointment for another healing later.
5.1.1.* Something to ask? Say?








Chapter 5 - Visiting the Spirit Doctor


Council Meeting


“Can we help?”


“The man who stirs up the trouble is a local priest. After sermons, some people stay and talk, share information about who’s in need, where the devil dwells. My name keeps coming up. Then people come to discourage me from staying. I tried to speak up for myself to a reporter for the paper, they left out pieces and it all got worse.”


She sighs. “In some places, here included, religion is protected. Lord Kane keeps to those ways. So no practice inside churches, we’re expected to treat anyone inside as having sanctuary. The priest, Lord Kane would say, is an Innocent problem, to be handled with Innocent means. I don’t think you or I have the ability to stop him. If you found a way, I would appreciate it, but I don’t want to be in anyone’s debt. For now, paying for my services keeps me in business and gives me a reason to stay.”


“Here’s half. For next time.”


“Thank you. I’ll do my best to be available, then. I’ve got a client standing outside. I give her massages, but there’s only so much I can do to keep the spirits of pain at bay. I should see you out and see her in. But before we’re close enough for her to hear… it may not be the worst thing if you find yourself on the outs with the Council. I’m not saying they’re evil or bad. Lord Kane is very fair in most things. As councils go, this is a good one. But they’re old. Lord Kane will live for a few thousand years, if nothing intervenes. Post and Dorsey are long lived, Brown is immortal. If you get in on the ground floor of that, I think you’ll find that the ground floor remains the ground floor for longer than you live. Some of the others have realized this, it’s why the Crooked Pub is becoming what it is.”


She walks you to the door. “I’ll see you for your next appointment. Or at the pub.”


She lets a doughy old woman with a nervous smile in, while letting you out.






Chapter 5 - Shopping


Council Meeting


You’re free to shop, and while doing so, you can take the time to browse- or talk with Gadsen about the catalogue.




What shop do you want to peruse, for possible products?


5.1.2.a The Old Bookstore
5.1.2.b The Tailor’s
5.1.2.c The General Store
5.1.2.d Talk to Gadsen about books






What do you want to buy?
5.i.3.* Purchases? Out of things you know about?






TEXT 


Coilsprung 


☐ HAVE


A text written by a Lost familiar of a practitioner, a bit of a riddle to read, as the Lost assumes some things are common sense when they are not. Discusses effective foraging and getting higher value magic items out of various circumstances.


TABLE OF CONTENTS


☐ ☐ ☐ ☐ ☐ Gain a random Paths clue, tier 1-2


☐ ☐ ☐ ☐ ☐ Gain a random Paths clue, tier 2, and a Magic Item clue, tier 2


☐ ☐ ☐ ☐ ☐ Gain Background: Paths Foraging - When you’d roll to see how many Paths-related forageables you get, roll an additional time and take the higher result.


☐ ☐ ☐ ☐ ☐ Gain a Magic Item clue, tier 2, and a Magic Item clue, Tier 3.


☐ ☐ ☐ ☐ ☐ Gain Background: Paths Treasure - When rolling to see the value of items found on the Paths, either roll twice and take the higher result, or, for cases you’d roll a 1d3 and get a higher tier on a 3, use a d6 instead.






TEXT


The Long Way 


☐ HAVE


Writings from some practitioner groups known for delving into the interconnected webwork of Paths, ending with them seeing distant fixtures in the sky they could not reach. Benefits include increasing supply and diminishing the consequence of running out.


TABLE OF CONTENTS


☐ ☐ ☐ ☐ ☐ Gain a random Paths clue you don’t have.


☐ ☐ ☐ ☐ ☐ Gain Background: Supply I - Gain +1 Supply.


☐ ☐ ☐ ☐ ☐ Perform any of the Utilize Intel clue management functions, then double the product. Max tier: 1


☐ ☐ ☐ ☐ ☐ Gain Background: Strive - When supply is out, hits to health and morale take half, not all.


☐ ☐ ☐ ☐ ☐ Perform any of the Utilize Intel clue management functions, then double the end product. Max tier: 2


☐ ☐ ☐ ☐ ☐ Gain Background: Supply II - Gain +2 Supply (additive with Supply I)


☐ ☐ ☐ ☐ ☐ Perform any of the Utilize Intel clue management functions, then double the end product. Max tier: 3


☐ ☐ ☐ ☐ ☐ Gain Background: Hollow Belly - Increase supply by 25% on the Paths.






TEXT


Side Doors 


☐ HAVE


After his way home was accidentally founded, a practitioner had to find his way home. In the process, he discovered some facets to how Paths interconnect and link. Helps with finding secret doors.


TABLE OF CONTENTS


☐ ☐ ☐ ☐ ☐ Gain a random Paths clue, tier 1-2.


☐ ☐ ☐ ☐ ☐ Gain a random Paths clue, tier 2-3


☐ ☐ ☐ ☐ ☐ Gain a random Paths clue. If it matches one you have, gain another, up to 3x.


☐ ☐ ☐ ☐ ☐ Gain Background: Open Door Policy - You can perform a check, once per excursion, for secret doors or ways to other Paths. You’ll be notified if there’s one within 3 travelable nodes.


☐ ☐ ☐ ☐ ☐ Gain Practice: Escape Room - A teleportation practice, removes you from a situation, takes you to a random point on a random Path, putting all magic items on cooldown.






TEXT


Inside the Giant Head


☐ HAVE


Discusses Giant Head theory; the notion that all the Paths are the subconscious of a great god or other power (suggested but not outright stated, to be the Christian God), made manifest.


TABLE OF CONTENTS


☐ ☐ ☐ ☐ ☐ Gain a random Divine clue, tier 3


☐ ☐ ☐ ☐ ☐ Gain a random Divine clue and a random Paths clue, tier 3


☐ ☐ ☐ ☐ ☐ New Practice: Transfusion - Gain a healing practice. Heal oneself with power, heal another person at a cost of one’s own health, or, if you spend a Divine clue or tap a Divine item, can be used to drain health from a target and heal oneself, in place of an attack.


☐ ☐ ☐ ☐ ☐ Gain a random Divine clue or a random Paths clue, tier V


☐ ☐ ☐ ☐ ☐ New Practice: Big Headed... - Modify an existing Paths practice to be Big Headed, altering its paradigm and scale to ludicrous, sometimes unwieldy proportions. Increases costs, also taps 1d3 random items on one’s person.






Chapter 5 - Shopping




Perusing the general store, they have some more things for sale, as opposed to last time. Of everything, the most relevant to you are (added to the old shopping list):


$3
Measuring Instruments
Mathematical and scientific instruments, calipers, compass, measuring tape.


Use: Once per expedition, in a situation you're free to take your time, you can delay your journey and eat one supply to use a bigger die and/or get a clue if the space is sufficiently interesting.




$3
Corkboard
A board for management of notes and the posting of ideas or art.


Use: Asset, hung on wall. Clues can be posted, barring them from regular use; at Path dismount, posted clues may multiply, fill in blanks, and be highlighted for bonuses, as if you had a random Investigation skill.




$4
Reference Books
Dictionary, thesaurus, language texts for major foreign languages (Arabic, German, French).


Use: Asset, less useful to read on their own. Instead, they make the barrier for any 'locked' sections on books easier to meet. Long and difficult texts have later sections made easier.




$5
Home Radio
A small radio, plugged into the wall, will play music and news.


Use: Asset. Heal +1 morale when you heal morale in downtime. Once per downtime, can choose to either gain a random clue, often mundane, or get notifications a newspaper would provide.






Chapter 5 - Shopping


You purchase the radio, corkboard, two dime store novels, a plant pot, and some honey, and as you bring things in, make a call to Gadsen.


“We should talk sometime,” Gadsen tells you. “About the various practices, and what you’re doing. The Others you unleashed were interesting, I’d be interested in your notes, if you could figure out how to write them. And the other side of that coin, haha, there’s practices you might want to dig into. Next shopping trip, maybe.”


You didn’t time things in such a way that you could have a long conversation with Gadsen, and too many people want the phone, so you have to cut it short.


You arrange things in your room.








How do you spend your downtime?


3.i.5.a
Explore a location known to you.


3.i.5.b
Shopping to go see what’s available in stores (or call the Gadsens to buy a book from them)


3.i.5.c
Ritual, perform a different ritual you know.


3.i.5.e Research, studying a practice to get a sense of directions you could take it, or an item, to get a sense of how it works, if not fully understood




3.i.5.d
Reading, reading a book to make some headway. You’re best at reading Paths and Scrivening texts.


3.i.5.f
Surveil, stalking and watching a person, place, or thing, or spend a while observing and interacting with a thing.


3.i.5.g
Investigate, reading, making calls, and doing background research to tackle the mysteries and hand, for a safe but sure way to build up your knowledge about the puzzles before you.


3.i.5.h
Utilize Intelligence - This works differently now, and is more focused on making guesses and managing your growing collection of clues.


3.i.5.1/2
Do two different Half Actions to fill one downtime slot:


Basic First Aid - Heal a heart.
Light Relaxation - Heal a morale
Light Socialization - Spend time with someone, observations & maintenance on a relationship. Or go on a date.
Maintenance - Clean your home/workspace, check wards and do general upkeep.
Skim Read - Lightly peruse some material for a 1d3 reading roll.
Work - Earn some money (see your Assets page for how mu








Chapter 5 - Shopping


“I was going to say,” Penny tells you, as you walk out to the field, “the girl who got hurt last night, I’ve gone swimming with her and some of the other kids in town. She really was the nicest girl.”


“I wonder if that’s what Flanagan goes after,” Clover says. “If that’s what he meant by ‘cherub’.”


The field has tall grass, that comes to chest height, but as you cross, Clover reaches up to take your arm, steadying you. You step forward, and your foot goes down a step. Flower blossoms fly up and around you, the grass parting, and when you, for lack of a better way of putting it, you find yourself in another field entirely. The top of each stalk of grass has flowers woven into it, and a singular tree, mostly leafless, stands tall in the middle of it all, petals falling around it, and lights shining along its branches.


“I am Diasporadica Stultus Igemonia! Queen princess of this fairy nest, born of Hellebores in Spring, but I am a clever fairy, and I have united all five courts beneath me, represented in princess Calla, wicked princess Coreopsis, high prince Reiter, Duel Prince Coleus, and Dandelion!”


“Dent de lion,” Dandelion says, flashing a fanged smile.


“Today,” Diasporadica pronounces, “You are my servant, doing tasks for me. We have been gravely injured, many times. Just last night, I went to my favorite flower to lay my pretty head to sleep, and there was a small wooding carving of a -”


She flies close to you, whispering in your ear, “-man’s member-”


Before flying back to the tree. “lying there, sticking up. It touched my-”


She flies close to you again to whisper, “-derrière.”






Several of the small fairies feign their distress, backs of hands to foreheads, one pretends to weep at the horribleness of it all. The two princes reassure Diasporadica. Dandelion doesn’t look like she knows what’s going on.


“But I am a fair princess queen. All I ask is that you convince them to leave us be.”


“And Kane told us to resolve it without violence,” a fairy comments. Diasporadica kicks her less-than-lightly in the head, then gives her a disapproving look, hands on hips.


“They are very dumb,” Diasporadica tells you, once she’s sure the fairy has gotten the message. “Nowhere near as intelligent and refined as us fairies. This is a problem solving exercise, Simpler Solitaire, and if you do it, we shall gift you a daub of glamour, small prizes, and consider you one step toward being someone recognized in good favor with my council. Which you want, because we will do things for you in return! And you’ll have one favor done and all that. Agreed?”






The fairies take the honey, struggling to restrain their glee. Diasporadica tries to contain how pleased she is, to the point she tries to come up with something to say- only to get buzzed by some of the other fairies. This was a good gift.


“This is acceptable,” she manages. She looks like she wants to partake, but has to do this, and in the process, isn’t doing either very well. “You seem to know…”


She watches as Dandelion sticks her full head into the honey and then keeps it there. It’s unclear if she’s eating or suffocating.


“...You understand how these things are done. This will reflect well when I report to the- Calla! You harlot!”


Calla is in the midst of dripping honey onto one of the fairy prince’s chests, tongue out to lick it off. She goes wide-eyed.


“You broke off your engagement with him, I get my turn!”


She flies off, leaving her thanks unfinished.






What’s the plan?


5.i.5.* What’s your game plan? The fairies will tell you where to go. What’s the approach with the goblins?








Chapter 5 - Exploring the Fairy Nest (Goblin Side Area)




You follow the directions, and reach the border of where the field transitions back to the reality you know. Whatever alters it has a hard time crossing certain aspects, and that includes muddy ditch. The goblins there are no bigger than the fairies- about as tall as a hand is long, from heel to fingertip. The biggest, strongest one is grappling with a skinny one that is covered in scales. It seems like they’re fighting at first, but not quite. In reality, it seems they’re getting as muddy as they can, and then the big one is trying to squeeze the scaled one like a wet bar of soap, in such a way that launches them a foot or two, before they land, skidding on mud. A third is waiting her turn- she has very long hair that’s so caked in mud it forms a spike, pointing backward, and more of the same between her legs, in a smaller spike that points backwards from her rear end. A fourth lies there, eyes a cataract white, mouth cracked too far open like a set bear trap, with a milky white maggot the size of your thumb sticking out of the throat hole. A limb or leg periodically twitches.


The fifth sits, watching, hair white and wild, and uses a piece of glass to carve a piece of wood into a tiny sword. After one launch from the pair below, the piece of glass gets used to carve an indecipherable mark into the wood the goblin is sitting on. The launched, scaled goblin stands, nose bloody, and smiles, pumping fists into the air.






Chapter 5 - Exploring the Fairy Nest (Goblin Side Area)


You wade through the muddier part of the ditch to approach the goblins. They’re immediately on guard as they see you, except for the whittler, who stays sitting, looking up.


“Neat contest, whose idea was it?”


“Is an old game,” the whittling goblin on the stick says. “Old as the first time a baby was born slippery, slipped outta dadda’s hands. Splat.”


“I wonder what the record was,” the excitable female goblin says.


“It was a record in all categories,” the little goblin says. “Farthest, bloodiest. Least bloody. It started something. It ended something. Besides the baby’s life.”


“Chip broke,” the biggest goblin tells you, pointing at the whittler. “Don’t bother.”


“So broken,” Chip says, mournfully. “Don’t bother. I’m going to put this poker in where the top fairy sleeps. Maybe I die trying.”


‘Chip’ brandishes the tiny wooden blade.










Offer a story for a story. Tell them of our legendarily nasty battle against Birddog, if they will tell us why they are so committed to antagonising the top fairy


“Because it’s fun!” the energetic goblin tells you.


“What else is there to do?” the brute asks.


“You’d have to look back to the origin of faerie and goblin to know,” Chip says. “Tell the story if you want. I’ve got things to do.”


“I’ll help,” the scaled goblin says. “I had my turn an’ I’m hungry.”


“Sure, Trou, we can get food on the way,” Chip says.


“Story, story!” the brute and the energetic goblin clamor, climbing onto your shoes and pulling on your muddy trousers. The brute clambers down, grabs the limp arm of the goblin that’s lying in the mud with a maggot sticking out of its mouth, and waves his limp body around. “Story!”


It looks like the goblins are splitting into two separate groups.






Chapter 5 - Exploring the Fairy Nest (Goblin Side Area)


Give the Wood Chip sandwich and tell the story


In the end, the goblins aren’t the type to turn down free food, so they eat, and you describe the fight. They’re amused, and you get some laughs.


From the dialogue between goblins, you pick up on their names. ‘Chip’ is Woodchip, the energetic one is Loinfroth, the big one is Bulge, which may not be an official name, the scaled one is Trousersnake, usually ‘trou’, and the one who lies limp is Snack.


Chip isn’t one to laugh, and seems more together than some of the other goblins.


When you’re done, the goblin nods, stands, grabs a chunk of splintery meat for the road, and says, “Good story. We should shit everywhere in the fairy nest, then.”


The other goblins get excited, thrilled by the idea.


“We hafta eat more!” Loinfroth exclaims.






Chapter 5 - Exploring the Fairy Nest (Goblin Side Area)


Tell them that unfortunately, you're here to tell them to knock off on messing with the fairies. Ask them what it'll take.


“What if, instead of messing with the fairies, we...” Chip’s face scrunches up for a second. “Mess with them twice as hard?”


The goblins cheer.


“Smarter than wishing for more wishes, woo!” Loinfroth cheers.


Is there really nothing else for them to do? Your Path story was in part, a way of telling them there's other, more exciting things out there than messing with a bunch of little fairies.


“They’re not little to us! They’re same size as us! Except Bulge, he’s bigger!” Loinfroth shouts up at you. “You’re bigger than us and you’re messing with us, now!”


Various goblins boo.


“Go tell someone your own size to leave the fairies alone!” Trou shouts, voice high.


“Oh, wait, what’s that word? What do you say when someone’s lying? What if we said there really wasn’t more exciting things to do than mess with fairies!?” Loinfroth exclaims.


“Whoaah!” Trou makes noises he probably feels are suitably magical.


“They might step on us,” Chip says, placid, unmoved by the discussion so far.


“That is a fine argument, sandwich person!” Loinfroth says, standing up straighter.


“Be ready to scatter. They can’t step on all of us,” Chip says. “Any of us that make it, we remember the others by keeping it going. We’re prepared to die for this cause.”


“We die horribly!” Loinfroth proclaims, puffing out her chest, which is covered in drying mud.


Goblins cheer in their excitement to die horribly. The maggot-ish thing sticking out of Snack waves its head around.






Chapter 5 - Exploring the Fairy Nest (Goblin Side Area)


Alright, Chip. So what’s up? This a rivalry? Did the fairy take your stuff? You in love or someshit? Hard to help if ya don't talk, buddy.


Chip looks up at you. Starting with nose and ears, Chip’s face gradually gets redder. In a huff, Chip climbs the side of the ditch to head toward where the fairies nest. “Then I don’t need help! Gonna stick this sword where she sleeps, shit everywhere, get her slippery, twist her arm, and take her stuff, and I might not give you any credit for it!”






Chapter 5 - Exploring the Fairy Nest (Goblin Side Area)


I'm here, and interested in helping resolve this situation - next guy might be someone who isn't interested in helping the goblins. You've said you're prepared to die over this, and I respect the hell out of that sort of conviction, but wouldn't you rather get what you want and live? Let me help you sort that out, while it can still be sorted out.


“Can it be sorted? How? I called her names, I left three kinds of slime in places she sleeps, I left her a magnificent pecker, I brought a party to her while everyone was sleeping. I don’t get it.”


Chip pulls on locks of wispy white hair, eyes wide, looking lost and mournful. Picking up the sword, Chip shows you, “I’ve got this sword, wood and earwax, I can leave it for her with a note saying I’m gonna fight her. I had only one other idea, I was gonna lower a body part into her mouth while she slept. But I’ll try your ideas first. You had some good ones.”






Chapter 5 - Exploring the Fairy Nest (Goblin Side Area)


"Fairies can be weird. They don’t usually like slime unless it tastes sweet like honey or molasses. They don’t usually like being called names unless they’re titles like Queen or Princess. They might not like person peckers but they really like plant peckers. You’ve got some good ideas, but you should play to her interests."


The little goblin frowns at you with a mildly confused disbelief.


Offer to escort them to the next council meeting so they might improve their standing in the council and better work to get Dia's attention in ways other than harassment. In exchange they stop the immediate harassment of the fairy to work on craftier plans.


“We’re not allowed at the council, after we got warned and I went and messed with the fairies again. We’re Others in bad standing.”


Chip seems almost proud.


“An’ I’m not planning to stop when I’ve got plans, now. You already gave me ideas, now I’m not supposed to do them?”


“You could carve her some Hellebores.”


“Augh!” the goblin declares. “But that takes too long! I’m bored, I’m alone, I’m horny! I want her! Now you’re saying she’s all weird and not into people peckers or slime!? What can I do now?!”






Chapter 5 - Exploring the Fairy Nest (Goblin Side Area)


“What about getting a token from Dia to hold onto, until you work on a nicer carving? For now, you have to agree to stop harassing the fairies, barging into their home without permission. I can tell them the woodcarver’s working on a special gift they’ll like more.”


“I...” Chip seems dismayed, but tempted. “I guess?”


You dig your wilderness handbook out of your bag and find the Hellebores in the poisonous plants section.


“I’ll give you this trash from another realm to work with too.”


The goblin seems more puzzled than anything, but nods.


“Arright,” the goblin says. “You gonna do that now, then?”


“I’ll see about that token.”






What’s the plan?


5.i.5.* What’s your approach with the faeries? Are you getting the token? How?






Chapter 5 - Exploring the Fairy Nest


After tidying yourself up as much as possible, you make your way across the field to the blossoming tree. The fairies fly down to meet you. You drop to your knee.


"Queen Princess of the fairy nest! I have struggled in the mud to try to prevent further goblin aggression. I and my companions worked to redirect their efforts away from the harassment of this fine court of fairy. I believe that obtaining a small token of the resplendent Diasporadica's personal collection should help to ward against further goblin attacks."


"A token. So they see my greatness. This is a start, you’ve done well. No reward yet, though! I need them to stay away!”


Diasporadica and her team spend an inordinate amount of time debating and discussing what makes a good token. They settle on a tiny hairbrush, and Dia snips off a lock of hair, which becomes ribbon-like as it’s tied to the end of the handle.


“It’s wasted on the likes of them, but if it earns us peace, I’ll oblige. Carry on, Simpler Solitaire.”


“Oh!” a fairy raises her voice. “That reminds us, we wanted cards!”


“Hush,” Diasporadica says. “That can wait until this job is done.”


You make your way across the field again, toward the ditch where the goblins are camped out. Woodchip sits a short distance away, waiting for you. Eyes widening as you hold out the gift, Woodchip reaches up.


“No,” Woodchip says. A cursory sniff of the hairbrush and the ribbon of hair is followed by a deeper, more intense one. Woodchip’s eyes widen, and the little goblin looks up at you. “What have you done? Are you sabotaging me? When this is already hard? You cocknoble! Queef jockey! Barf farter!”


Woodchip tosses the hairbrush aside as if burned, white ‘genius’ hair whipping about as the little goblin reacts, beating head with hands. “Aaaaugh! She’s going to get the wrong idea! What did you tell her? Why did you do this!?”






Chapter 5 - Exploring the Fairy Nest (Goblin side)


I requested a token from her collection, as part of doing my job. Didn't mention your crush, horndog. We need you to focus on getting the other goblins to leave the fairies alone for a while.


“Wrong her! She’s blonde, this hair is black, she smells good, this smells like priss and princess. Gah! No! We’re not leaving anyone alone! War!”






Chapter 5 - Exploring the Fairy Nest (Goblin side)


“Look, Chip. You talked about the top fairy -- in that nest, that's Diasporadica, by their standards. She mentioned finding wooden peckers in her bed, ones you carved. There's only one blonde there. That's Dandelion.”


“Why would you call that one Dia? D-and-EE-lie-AH-n. DEEAH?!” the goblin asks. “Who would care about that other one? Why would you assume- aaagh! How is Dandelion not top fairy?”


“So here's some good news: she's probably easier to please. She probably likes teeth. Second, she's not nearly as prissy as Dia, from what I saw. Bad news: You've gotta agree. Leave the fairies of the fairy nest be. Don't harass them. Agree right now, and I'll see if I can have a private talk with Dandelion, away from the prissy princess. I can learn what she wants, maybe even pass on that she has an admirer?”


“You'll bung it up. I’m not agreeing to nothing here!” the goblin declares.
Woodchip pauses, then makes for the nearest hole in the ground, diving in.






Chapter 5 - Exploring the Fairy Nest


“Clover!”


Clover catches your drift and follows your pointing finger, becoming a rabbit before leaping into a different hole. Penny busies herself with keeping the remaining goblins in line.


Sprinting to the fairy nest again.


“A goblin slipped away. I need to talk to Dandelion.”


“We picked the nicest favor and this is how they act? Bah!” Diasporadica complains.


A sudden movement to your side makes you flinch. Dandelion has landed on your shoulder, dark eyes focused on your mouth, mane of blond hair wet, upper body beaded with moisture, like she’s just washed off the honey from her head, neck, and shoulders. When you take a step, her wings flutter, like she’s about to take off, but she settles, head cocked to one side.


“Oui? What you want?”






Chapter 5 - Spending a Clue


[Rose I clue]
Rose I spent.


Determine the best approach. Is Dandelion likely to be amenable to Chip's advances?


You don’t have enough information to know. Try talking to her?






Chapter 5 - The Fairy Nest


"Dandelion, it looks like this goblin's pranks were supposed to be gifts, for you, and now they’re so frustrated they could burst. Do you know how they've been getting to Diasporadica?"


“Maybe they’re dumb?” Dandelion asks, flitting around to the top of your head, then your other shoulder. “Left in the wrong place? I get gifts? More honey? Or can I pick the teeth out of the bursty mess and eat the meat? I’ll eat it politely.”






Chapter 5 - The Fairy Nest


"Would you like to meet them then? They probably will bring you gifts if you hit it off, and I think they're coming here as we speak."


"I like gifts. Yeh."


You step back, look around, and see Woodchip sticking a little head up out of a hole further down the field, small carved sword in hand. Clover sticks her head out of another hole.


You beckon, and Clover pops over toward you, poking her head up- she’s muddy.


“Can you get Chip here?”


“Yeah.”


It takes a minute, but eventually, Chip pops up again, apparently with a major escape route blocked by Clover, because the little goblin goes over ground instead of under, eyes wide on seeing Dandelion.


“Chip. Come talk.”


“You give gifts?” Dandelion asks.


Chip holds up the sword, face red.


“Toothpick!”


“Yeah.”


“I like meat.”


“Me too.”


“Can I chew on you?”


“Yeah! I’m like gristly beef jerky! I was gonna shove a body part in your mouth while you slept.”


“Whaat!? Why didn’t you?”


“This person said to do other stuff! Weird advice!”


“That’s okay. Only human. Lets go, allez vous, Chew chew. Away from them.”


“But I want more. More time. I’m too gristly to chew only this once. What do we do after that? I can’t come to you, they’ll come after me. You can’t come to me, that’s messy.”


“Star cusp Others,” Dandelion proclaims, hand to forehead, tossing her head back.






Chapter 5 - The Fairy Nest


"Is it a neutral place you need or a way to arrange meetings?"
"Both," Woodchip says. "An' I can get my guys to back off."






Chapter 5 - The Fairy Nest


“What if there’s something you can put up near the ditch to signal you want to meet, and you meet somewhere. Do you know a place, Clover?”


“They’re pretty small, so it can’t be too hard. Yeah. There’s an empty building I can show them sometime.”


“Does that work?”


Woodchip looks suspicious, distrustful after recent issues, but nods. There’s a sense of dawning elation, that this might actually be working out.


You settle things with him and Dandelion, leaving Clover to give directions to the house, and find Penny. The copy of Naked and Oiled is a little rumpled and messed up, because she couldn’t stop the goblins from climbing on her to get a closer look at the centerfolds, so reading it might be a little more difficult. You claim your rewards from Diasporadica, with the pledged glamour and some stuff she didn’t want.




1
Woodchipped Wang
A very small, meticulously carved wang, made by a lovelorn goblin, that found its way to the wrong ass.


Use: Trinket. When cleaning up messes or opening trash, there’s a 20% chance to have one or more of the contents be least goblins, instead, increased if mundane or wares trash. Works as an asset operating on an area if unattended.




1
Daub; Black Spring Flower
A quantity of glittery black powder, hard to measure accurately, but easy to match shape to imagination.


Use: Create a mundane tier 0 item, make a cosmetic change to something, or attempt a small illusion. Has a 20-75% chance of being spent when used. Has a resource value of ??? when used in Fae crafts.




1
Baby’s Sigh
A unit of currency of the Faerie courts, contained in a marble that shares the associated senses with a rub.


Use: Currency of unknown provenance or value. Probably not much.




0
Silent Stone
A stone from the paths that cut through the Faewilds. Used by the fairies in the nest to get some shut-eye when some nit won’t stop talking.


Use: Throw hard to generate a brief silence in the area, break the stone, or hold to the ear to generate silence/protect hearing.




0
Closed Branch, Curling
The leaves and blossoms of this curling branch enclose something. Meant to be used to dramatic effect.


Use: Does one of three things: spawns and immediately uses three fae consumables, spawns three fairies, or produces a quantity of glamour lasting a minute. Enhanced by drama.




0
Greens of Grimalkin
Apparently a fae herb, of an average sort. This plant seems to grow fast as you watch it, but recedes to modest size if unwatched.


Use: Effects and intent are unknown. May bear research and investigation. May be potted, at one’s own risk.






[Goblin II clue] [Fairy I clue] [Fairy II clue] [Fairy I clue] [Goblin I clue]






Chapter 5 - The Council Meeting


By chance, when you arrive to the council meeting when few are in attendance. Auntie O, the faerie, and, by happenstance, three of the goblins, Woodchip included.


“I’ve heard you’ve had some success,” Lord Kane says. “I’ve tweaked the deal to give it a touch more staying power, with Dandelion and Woodchip as ambassadors, meeting regularly to discuss Fairy-goblin relationships. Come. Auntie O, if you would watch our smaller guests?”


“I can.”


Lord Kane leads you from the reading room, where you’ve had previous council meetings, to a room up a half-flight of stairs at the far end of the foyer. It seems central to the building. Kane’s touch makes clock-like pieces of brass across the wall move, interlocking, rotating, shifting, and moving aside, until the entire wall is moving as a singular piece, rotating out of the way.


On the far side is a museum, of what seem to be magic items of some quality. Many are placed on pedestals, which are part of an arrangement that includes marble tiles laid into the floor, forming interlocked circles.


Your items aren’t on those pedestals, but instead set off to the side, with a dozen other items of varying quality.


You’re owed one of your three items back, as agreed before, Lord Kane says. “And your choice of a set of lesser rewards. Your work was perfunctory, so the reward will be as wel. What is it you think you need? I can pick out some options.”






Chapter 5 - The Council


“A power source, please.”


“Something many new practitioners want. Of course. The candle is a device of Law, it can be used repeatedly, without needing time to rest, but has a cost. Expect the cost to increase steadily if it’s used many times in a short duration.


“The Mirror takes things from you… sometimes minor things, sometimes not. You’ll get them back when the shadow of the mirror passes, but it can be disconcerting.”


“Both of those have their prices. The Skull provides power, put a candle in its mouth, teeth holding it in place, flame within the skull. The power will radiate out. It’s a minor device given to an agent of an inevitable force, lost when that agent proved less inevitable.”




1
Marble Candle
This piece of marble, shaped like a candle, burns endlessly.


Use: Asset; can be tapped to provide power for a duration. When doing so, causes damage to one’s karma. Left alone, will randomly and passively heal karma toward center, block a bane from worsening, or do nothing, changing week by week.




2
Minus’s Mirror
This mirror reflects your environment, darker, but not you. On touch, transfers something of you into the surface.


Use: Provides power, at the cost of taking on a Bane. Can provide continuous power, going on cooldown when stopped. Starting when cooldown, 50% chance each downtime bane cancels.




1
Inverted Skull
A small human skull, turned inside out, such that the protrusions and outer details are inside.


Use: Gains one charge per downtime cycle. Gains one to twelve charges per sapient life ended in one’s vicinity. For every 12 charges held, can provide a unit of power for practices, reserving a maximum of 3 units (36 charges).






"But in the interest of teaching someone to fish instead of providing the fish, this book crossed my mind when you described the Paths and your work. The conceits and language used may be of the Paths. Make of that what you will. If you don't want it now, you can ask for it in place of any reward I might give you in the future."




2
Research Paper: Yield of Power
Research into management of power, from boons toward external uses. Basic tier.


Use: Text. See table of contents.
Has heavy prerequisites before completion, at which point a practice may be learned.
Prerequisite knowledge for an intermediate practice.






TEXT


Research: Yield Power
Basic research into management of power, from boons to external uses.


HAVE: ☐


TABLE OF CONTENTS


☐ ☐ ☐ ☐ ☐ Gain a random Paths clue, tier 1


☐ ☐ ☐ ☐ ☐ Gain a random Paths clue, tier 1, and a unit of power, to be spent by downtime’s end.


LOCKED
[Roses II] [Any Red/Orange/Yellow II] [Deals II] [Paths II]


Can skip up to two of the above by finishing a Cosmology text per
Can skip up to two of the above by spending power seven times after reaching this section, per


☐ ☐ ☐ ☐ ☐ New Practice: Yield Power - Two boons can be tapped and placed on cooldown to generate one power for the purposes of power and ritual. Negative aspects and detriments remain active.






Chapter 5 - The Council


You take the candle and regain your March Flair, and return to the sitting room, the vault closing up behind you as you walk down the stairs. He doesn’t wait until you’ve both reached the room before he addresses you.


“I’m taking a risk by keeping you here. I’m investing in you as a council member. Which is why I offered the book. This said, my hands are tied in many ways. I’ve looked into the issue, and Little Wolves will no longer be permitted to use their red keys to come and go. This does not bar them from exit and entry by other means, and if they do decide to come, they may, and should, come to me. I will not notify you they’re here, of their location, or of any deals made. I will also not notify them of your location, presence, or deals made. Something very dark has a claim on you, and I hope you’re victorious, and that when and if you are, you recognize that most other Lords would banish you and wash their hands of the problem.”






Anything to say or add?


5.i.8.* …






Chapter 5 - Downtime End


You thank Kane, and head back to your room. It’s a full day and night of work before you have time free to do what you need. You’re pleased to see that in the light of the Ribbon glass, one of the orange herb’s buds has matured- two now stand tall in that pot. It does not appear that they grow Path trash, as nothing is clumping in the dirt. It does seem that a natural crack in the pot has smoothed over.


Time and relatively low pressure activities has given you the chance to rest, and you’ve recovered some.


Health: ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥
Morale: ++++++++X


Where do you go?


5.1.9.a The Marching Orders
5.1.9.b The Pound
5.1.9.c The Bed and the Breakfast
5.1.9.z Defer going to the Paths for another Downtime cycle.






What do you equip?


5.Y.* Equipment?




What do you bring?


5.Z.* Inventory?




[POUND, 3RD VISIT]




Chapter 6 - The Pound, Third Go


There’s cheering as you enter, but it’s of a different tenor and quantity. You blink a few times at the glare, adjusting to the pitch. The Path has changed from your prior visits, and is set up more like a ball game, albeit still with a fighting ring in the center. The crowd is larger, roughly fifty percent lost children, who occupy seats closer to the ground and the ring, while adults are in the stands above. There seem to be more fights, on both levels, rampant betting, and overall chaos- weirdly good natured, despite the intensity. Here and there, fights break up, two spectators stepping back and away from each other, to let vendors pass with their offerings of snacks.


Two Lost sit behind a glass window, a loudspeaker booming as they give their running commentary, while a dog translates the commentary into dog-ese, and a screaming child hollers a translation into kid-version, omitting longer words and boring parts. A scoreboard is lit up with lightbulbs, some broken from prior scuffles, some refusing to light up, some lighting up erroneously, in crude depictions of various combatants. It seems there hasn’t been a first round fight yet, and part of the chaos in the crowd is people trying to convince one another to participate. Children seem to be gambling as avidly as the adults. More so, even.


“Announcing! Our first contestant for ring one! Dog Tired!” the loudspeaker booms.


“A dog with wheels is gonna fight, how cool is that?!” the kid-translator hollers. Kids cheer.


“Arf arf woof-aroooo!” the dog-translator barks.


You’re bumped from behind, and step forward and to the side. Turnin to see what the commotion is, you see the way back out blocked by a wagon, branded ‘Snips, Snails, Puppy Dog Tails’. The wagon’s staff begin carrying out crates to go to various vendors and snack distributors. To even begin to spot any hidden treasure in this chaos, you’ll need to take advantage of the few places with a minimum of chaos and a good view of the surroundings.






Where do you go?


6.1.a
The base of the stands to your left, where people are arguing about keeping kids on a leash.


6.1.b
The information kiosk, managed by a trio of dogs.


6.1.x
The arena, to put yourself forward for a fight.


6.1.z
Stay put for some reason.






Chapter 6 - The Pound, Third Go


The overlapping barks and sounds of the three dogs come together in a way that vaguely sounds like a voice. The 'w' at the start of a woof, the 'al' from a distorted first half of an arf. Forming, in its way, "Welcome." Your ear hears the sound and processes it a second later.


"Coin. Keep! Good boy!"




0
Lost Coin


A juggler dressed in green takes up the background of this coin, juggling red hot skulls with a grimace on his face.


Use: Lost Coin. You're getting a sense of how these work.




0
Lost Coin


A cluster of eyeless gnomes work on a machine. Their bodies block the view. Machine and gnomes are cast in red light.


Use: Lost Coin. You're getting a sense of how these work.




0
Lost Coin


A witch with a dress the color of the sea is working with a lily-livered echo. It is more afraid of her than she is of it.


Use: Lost Coin. You're getting a sense of how these work.




0
Lost Coin


This coin depicts a complete map of the Paths against a backdrop of all realms, known and unknown. The Paths are color matched to the Paths. The other realms are painted in green for some reason.


Use: Lost Coin. You're getting a sense of how these work.




This seems to be your allotment of coins for this cycle of The Pound. The dogs imply you're free to keep them, without having to return them.






Where do you go?


6.1.a
The base of the stands to your left, where people are arguing about keeping kids on a leash.


6.1.e
Go to the stands, where there’s a chance to fight for a special ticket. You might have to fight to get past to the prize area and a vantage point.


6.1.f
Go to the upper stands, where a group of adults are trading tips about the upcoming fight.


6.1.?
Go east, to where a small shop has been erected. Something’s off there.


6.1.x
The arena, to put yourself forward for a fight.


6.1.z
Stay put for some reason.








Chapter 6 - The Pound III - Dogwood Shop


A short distance from the Kiosk, you see the Dogwood Witch, standing still in a binding circle, looking continually bewildered with her lot in life. It seems some Lost have put up a shop around her, given her some stock, and left her to run it herself. Her aesthetic has leeched out, still staying within the confines of the circle, to help decorate and customize the shop. Two dogs stand on their hind legs, paws on the counter.


"Buy stuff," she tells you, before thunking her staff down on the counter.




0 - 3 coins
Lost Coin
This painted coin features a maiden with her parents. She looks to be a gardener, dressed in green, her parents undertakers in grim black.


Use: Lost Coin. You’re getting a sense of how these work.




1 - 3 coins
Worn Torture Chamber Key
This rusty key menaces with spikes and has blood in it.


Use: Secures a node, locking it behind you, with blades and spikes punishing any who push through. May have special uses on the Paths, if you can find an appropriate door.




3 - 3 coins
Pope’s Wing
A small feathered wing, said to be torn from the pope's back. Are popes winged?


Use: Trinket. Equipped in any inventory slot. 16% chance after a combat victory to gain flight. Flying movement can carry you to nearby nodes, ignoring lines, and costs no stamina. If a foe was slain, 100%.




4 - 49 coins
Emperor’s New Underpants
A pair of royal trousers, you’re assured. Only clowns can’t see them.


Use: Defensive item, equipped in bottom row. Function unknown, part of [Emperor’s New] set. Grants an unknown defensive card.




12 - 2196 coins
Jacques’ Jacket
The quintessential adventurer’s jacket, very possibly the best you’ll ever see.


Use: Requires considerable research to unlock functions. Baseline, grants additional capabilities equal to your supply and grants: [Discover]




3 - 29 coins
Skull Cap
This cowboy style hat is bone white, with a black band, a small silver bison skull for a buckle.


Use: Worn in top right slot. Each time you win combat advantage, increase enemy threshold for instant death by 1 and lower their max health by 1, max [Skull] times. Grants: [Grudge]




"We let her set her own prices. She didn’t do so bad,” a Lost in earshot says. “If you need to move her, we can get someone else in with new stock and new prices after a break.”






Chapter 6 - The Pound III - Dogwood Shop


“Gadsen, Gadsen, Gadsen.”


It’s your first time doing this, much less reaching out from the Paths to someone who is perhaps not on the Paths. One of the minor tricks your old friend taught you.


There’s no immediate response. You’re not sure if it worked.


“Can I examine it more closely?”


“Stay on that side of the counter,” she tells you, unhooking the jacket from the rack and brandishing her staff with its knobbed head in the other hand.


“I bet I could get us straight to some of the secrets buried in the pockets of that thing,” Penny says, brightly. She looks very enthused. “It’s hard to tell what would be part of that jacket and what would come from the other parts of the outfit. Treasure hunting, long expeditions, succeeding at stuff when chances are bad, freely using cards and stuff without holding onto them, always having a trick up your sleeve. There’s a balance going on, where if you’re supplied and at the start of an expedition, some stuff is stronger, you included, but if you’re spent, the risks and tricks up your sleeve get better. I bet there’s one piece of the outfit that rewards you if you’re really hurt, and one that rewards you if you’re down in the dumps, like that. Less important than supplies and the journey. Am I rambling?”


“I think this is a safe time to dole out your ling, dingaling,” Clover says. “I can’t help but think about the fact this guy’s whole outfit is out there, implying he’s…”


She covers her mouth, whispering, “…naked.”


“I think the fact we’ve seen this makes it easier to find later,” Penny says. “If we found and actually got another piece of the outfit, we’d have an easier time finding others. And the entire outfit comes together… it’d only be one thing you wear as a base layer, perfectly integrating anything else you wanted to add, like a hat, marching jacket, and all that. It’d be strong.”


“A grail,” Clover says. “A top class magic item.”


“Yeh,” Penny says. “Too bad it’s out of our price range. I wouldn’t try anything funny here. These things are more connected to everything around them than you think.”






Chapter 6 - The Pound III - Dogwood Shop


“I’m interested in the Pope Wing and the Torture Chamber Key.”


The coins hit the counter. The Dogwood Witch, having put the jacket back, takes them, then gets the items, handing them over.


“Woo, another customer!” one of the Lost supporting the shop cheers. Another turns and smiles. “You’re learning!”


The Dogwood Witch looks a bit bewildered, still, but the dogs at her feet and the dogs with paws on the counter wag their tails a bit.






Chapter 6 - The Pound III - Dogwood Shop


“Evert Gadsen, Evert Gadsen, Evert Gadsen.”


The effect and response seem much the same as before.


You should decide what you’re going to do. Things are carrying on in the background, and the vigilance and focus required while on a Path are draining. If you delay, it’ll eat into the time you can comfortably spend on this Path.






What do you do?


6.2.a
Make a deal like you did with Links, where she is free to carry on, but you may summon her. The shop is likely to stay intact, but items may be sold, and will cycle out when the Path does.


6.2.b
Make a stricter deal, she’s bound and consigned to a coma-like oblivion, pulled out when needed.


6.2.c
Release her from her binding, allow her to carry on. Maybe it’ll get you some goodwill. Maybe it won’t.


6.2.d
Buy something.


6.2.e
Move on.


6.2.f
Ask a question/wait for Gadsen.








Chapter 6 - The Pound III - Dogwood Shop


“I bind you, you’re free to carry on, but if I call you, you’ll be brought to me, before being sent back here. How’s that? The occasional walk?”


She locks mismatched eyes to yours. A dog woofs, tail wagging. That seems good enough.


You cast out the Man in the Middle circle, and it folds into the other.


You have her available to summon when needed. She’s likely to stay put, unless interfered with.






Where do you go?


6.3.a
The base of the stands to your left, where people are arguing about keeping kids on a leash.


6.3.e
Go to the stands, where there’s a chance to fight for a special ticket. You might have to fight to get past to the prize area and a vantage point.


6.3.f
Go to the upper stands, where a group of adults are trading tips about the upcoming fight.


6.3.x
The arena, to put yourself forward for a fight.


6.3.z
Stay put, seeing if Gadsen shows.










Chapter 6 - The Pound III - Ticket Fight


A group of young Lost are in a tight crowd, hands and nipping mouths reaching skyward for a yellow-gold ticket, but every time it comes down far enough, a child’s hand or a dog’s nose nudges it and it is sent once again into the air.


Were you to throw yourself into that crowd, you could use your height to try to grab for the ticket, but you’d almost assuredly take a beating as others nip, claw at, and hit you to try to drag you down before you claim it.


Some adults are standing there, tense and ready, some debating what to do.


“It’s a ticket for the right-hand gate, and a prize from the Top Dog,” one says, “but you don’t have to grab it now, if you’re a good tracking hound. You can chase the ticket holder down later. It can even be better, because you’ll be chased, and tickets are going to rain down in a second, break the equilibrium. You can grab smaller prize tickets to redeem at the kiosk.”


“Or, you can get it now and not worry about it later. Get it, Crumsy!” a dad with a caved-in face cheers for a boy with the same. “That’s my tough little boy!”








What do you do?


6.4.a
Wade into the thick of things, for a chaotic combat encounter where you’ll be jockeying for position to try to catch a ticket.


6.4.b
Hang by the side of things, to try to grab lesser tickets out of the air.


6.4.c
Do neither- cut straight through to where lesser prizes are being handed out at H.


6.4.d
Do neither, retreat, wait for the chaos to pass, then pick a new spot to travel to.






Chapter 6 - The Pound III - Ticket Fight


The Ticket Flight is a multi-lane combat, with some combatants/spaces having certain rules. In the course of this fight, damage will be taken, but doing damage is fairly ineffective, stunning foes after enough is done. Instead, when you deal damage, you have the opportunity to switch places with a lane, or push that lane (it swaps with one above/below, as appropriate). If a lane is at the top row, then it can be knocked to/swapped with the bottommost, and vice versa. Enemies have the option of hitting you away or damaging you.


The ticket operates much like the coin, but is bounced by any pips in the specified direction(s), moving to a random lane. In effect, you want to occupy its space without hitting it away.






[HORRIBLE TERRIBLE FIGHT THAT I WON’T TRANSCRIBE FULLY, HERE’S A TEXT DUMP:]






Yellow sideways cards = "Steal something if star is not blocked"
Red: skips a few plays, but mirrors offensive/status arrows on the red spaces.
Teal: Attacks deal morale damage if unblocked.
Green: Always catches ticket, regardless of arrows.
Purple: Blocks played in this lane apply to each card placed after them (this one included). Blocks don't shift ticket.
Where do you want to summon Links?
🐌 Between yellow/purple
🍕 Between yellow/red
🛹 Between red/teal
🫂 Between teal & you
🦧 Between orange & you
🌻 Between orange/green
🪻 Between green purple




%roll 1d2+1
[1] + 1 = 2


%roll 1d8
[2] = 2


%roll 4d2
[1] [2] [1] [1] = 5




Moving forward with consensus. I don't want this to take forever, and there's a lot of backend.
Your Hand:


Enemies are playing first, just setting the table.


Yellow's card 1 can go through. Yellow swaps with red.
Top to bottom, teal's card play is free to go ahead. Swaps with yellow.
Orange's 1st card play is next, hits you, opts to deal damage.
Links's first card play is clear to hit Crumsy, and deals 1 & swaps.
(Sorry, more cards can resolve, I got ahead of myself)
Top to bottom, teal's 2nd play is free to hit, and hits yellow for morale damage.
For visual reference.
Your uppercut is free to connect to either opponent.
First damage:
Swap with yellow
Deal damage to yellow
Swap with orange
Deal damage to orange
Second damage:
Damage yellow
Shove yellow (swapping yellow with orange)
Next round, red has one card play, you have two, orange has one, purple has two.
%roll 1d100
Right.
39 on a random number generator.
(Nah, I thought it'd make things tighter if not. Enemies are similarly constrained)
Next order of attacks, yellow steals from orange.
Remainder of next-order attacks can't resolve. (red skips, you defend, orange is waiting for a card play from green, purple defends)
Going top to bottom, Teal's two-directional attack can resolve. Dings red for 1 morale and pushes.
Everyone else is waiting for more card plays. Links's steal can resolve on red.
Random number generator gives 2.
Interesting case where Links plays 1, Teal plays 1, yellow plays 1, green plays 2. Links and Teal are going at each other blind.
(I forgot to resolve green but will instead say they only did damage - 1 on purple, 1 on orange)
Green's 3rd card hits orange, swaps and shoves down.
Links hits and swaps.
Your attack resolves next. Decisions?
Next round, red skips, Links plays 1, you play 2, Yellow is stunned, orange card play is already set.


Your plays/decisions?
%roll 1d13
[2] = 2
(does ivory just redraw the cards everyone has left, or does it pull a new full hand?)
(Your card plays?)
(Ah, numbers didn't update right away)


%roll 1d8
[2] = 2


%roll 1d2+2
[1] + 2 = 3


Red's attack hits Links twice.
No other attacks can be carried out because they're waiting for card plays.


Your attack is blocked.
Play corner fighting?
%roll 1d2 (steal on 2)
"(steal on 2)" [2] = 2
Nothing remains to resolve (all blocked or defensive)
Those two furthest from the ticket are pushed out, prioritizing the stunned.
You have 7 combo, you lose half, you can heal 3 or deal 3 damage.  No advantage, so no flair. 
%roll 4d2
(Gonna have to go to bed for now- smiley's dead and I've got stuff to do in the morning) 


It's a ranged weapon, so yes.


You and green are making a play.






Chapter 6 - The Pound III - Ticket Fight


You cast out the attribution, the elements of a Brick- rectangles, color sets (white, gray, yellow, dull red) settle into the little kid carrying a large, very sleepy rust-colored dog that’s twice her size. It seems her burden gets a bit harder to carry.






%roll 1d2+2
[2] + 2 = 4


%roll 1d4
[4] = 4


%roll 1d8
[5] = 5


%roll 1d3+1
[2] + 1 = 3


%roll 4d2
[1] [2] [2] [2] = 7






Green tags orange for 1, and pushes.
Orange can resolve. Swaps back.
Red, you, and green have two* card plays each


They cancel out, yeah.
You saw it with yellow.
Top to bottom, leftmost valid attack is links. Links hits red and swaps with them.
You're next up. Allocation/action?
Clover leaping in to help, shoves Crumsy and swaps with them.  Drawing on her 'the bigger they are, the harder they fall' nature, she gets underfoot in a clever way, tipping him down the stairs, stunning him.
Red's dog wakes up, and snaps at Links, doing some damage, the last movement being a grab from the kid carrying the dog, hauling Links aside, to get red closer to the ticket.
(I feel like the export function isn't using the changes I make in the last, like, 15 seconds, somehow)




Links, not wanting to get close to the kid with the spiked collar, hits red once for damage, then swaps with purple.
Red is clear to move, and hits orange 2x, stunning them, moving into their space.
Orange plays (skipped; stunned), links plays 2.  Green plays 2.
Your rapier attack is blocked.  Nothing else to resolve.
You get two card plays, red skips one, then gets one mirrored.
(rapier and rabbit are gone) 
Expound directed at who?
Links shoves you, swapping your place with green.
How do you allocate wide kick?
%roll 2d2 (keep/give)
"(keep/give)" [2] [2] = 4
%roll 2d10
[6] [10] = 16
%roll 2d3
[2] [2] = 4






Chapter 6 - The Pound III - Ticket Fight


With a boost from Links, stepping on a child’s face, you’re able to snatch the ticket out of the air. You scramble clear of the fracas.


Links is unable, and with two stolen items in hand, opts to toss them toward you instead of keeping them.




0
Palette Platter


For varied palates, this palette platter is plated with colorful patches of pabulum. Usable as paint, but also edible?


Resource. This has no direct use, except maybe as mundane paint, or food insufficient for any supply. This is also a resource, worth an unknown amount of money. It seems realms-based, and... something else?




0
Red Crystal


This spherical crystal glows with a flickering, dancing light within, that seems to respond to outside stimuli.


Consumable: Gain one unit of power for practice or ritual, or to lower a cooldown for a tapped item or piece of equipment. If you’re fighting or just exited a fight, 50% chance to not be destroyed.




The kids are so busy fighting and reeling from the chaos that many haven’t noticed you grabbed the ticket. Their focus is on the ground, pushing each other out of the way to try to see where it might’ve fallen. You have a head start.








%roll 1d16 (Pope Wing on 6)
"(Pope Wing on 6)" [1] = 1


%roll 1d3+3 Links Cooldown
"Links Cooldown" [3] + 3 = 6






Where do you go?


6.5.a The base of the stands to your left, where people are arguing about keeping kids on a leash.
6.5.f Go to the upper stands, where a group of adults are trading tips about the upcoming fight.
6.5.h Go to where some discarded prizes and odds and ends lie, ignored in favor of more interesting things elsewhere.
6.5.x Hop the railing and go to the arena, to put yourself forward for a fight.
6.5.z Stay put.






Chapter 6 - The Pound III - Discarded Prizes (H)


Your hand is not the only one grabbing for these things. You have a percentage chance to grab a given thing. Orthogonally adjacent items will lose 10% of their chance. Other items will lose 25%. You can repeat until all items are taken/at 0%.




1
Reversed Card 
52%        


2
Amethyst Die 
98%        


0
Lost Coin 
35%        


0
King of Messages 
70%        


0
Paths Trash 
29%        


1
Etched Chunk 
31%        


0
Lost Coin 
91%        


1
Springlatch C-11 Gear 
12%        


1
Sparrowgrass Spears 
84%






%roll 1d100 (Amethyst Die, 3-100% obtains it)
"(Amethyst Die, 3-100% obtains it)" [26] = 26


%roll 1d100 (55-100 obtains it)
"(55-100 obtains it)" [66] = 66


%roll 1d100 (44-100 gets you lost coin)
"(44-100 gets you lost coin)" [46] = 46


%roll 1d100 (93-100)
"(93-100)" [58] = 58








Chapter 6 - The Pound III - Discarded Prizes




2 
Amethyst Die


This seven-sided die sparkles like a gem. Your heart beats an odd rhythm when you hold it.


Consumable: Roll to set your health to a random number between its lowest and highest value, then do the same for your morale, karma, and supplies.




0 
King of Messages


A Lost king covered in papercuts sits center of frame, weeping. His messengers carry papers to and away, many on paper airplanes.


Use: Used on the Paths, function unknown. Apparently you can collect hands of cards to great effect. Good luck!




0 
Lost Coin


A beast from the before times prepares to swallow reality. The painted ward restraining it fromdoing so makes holding the coin hard. The rest of the coin is covered in grime.


Use: Paths currency. You’re figuring these out, maybe.






Where do you go?


6.5.a The base of the stands to your left, where people are arguing about keeping kids on a leash.
6.5.f Go to the upper stands, where a group of adults are trading tips about the upcoming fight.
6.5.l Go to the vantage point, where there’s a space without the chaos of the crowd.
6.5.x Hop the railing and go to the arena, to put yourself forward for a fight.
6.5.z Stay put.






Chapter 6 - The Pound III - Spotlight L


The vantage point has a spotlight. You can aim it at any point on the map. It’ll check the nodes that fall under the spotlight’s purview, revealing hidden things and treasures.


Off in the background, the kids are done squabbling, and seem to be organizing, realizing you have the ticket.


What do you do?


6.7.★ Submit a placement for the spotlight. Any point on the map works, if you submit an image file with a mark on it, or you can give Wildbow directions to center the spotlight at.






Chapter 6 - The Pound III - Spotlight L


The spotlight lights up the gate and the distant spot where the elite of The Pound are playing poker and doing special bets on the map. There’s nothing unusual that catches the spotlight, except for three spaces on the gate itself, marked yellow, blue, and red.


The lightbulb of the spotlight glows brighter, then shatters.


“Sorry!” Arena staff tell you. “Are you alright? If you make it to another spotlight...”


(He points to node and a spot on the inside of Ring Two)


“...have them signal us, we’ll help you out. But for now we need to repair this.”






Where do you go?


6.5.a The base of the stands to your left, where people are arguing about keeping kids on a leash.


6.5.f Go to the upper stands, where a group of adults are trading tips about the upcoming fight.


6.5.m Go to the other vantage point, to bet on the fight.


6.5.p Go to the gate.


6.5.x Hop the railing and go to the arena, to put yourself forward for a fight.


6.5.z Stay put.






Chapter 6 - The Pound III - East Gate


The gate is sealed with a circle, with a handprint in the middle. Three lights are spaced around it. It looks like you could push it.


“Careful,” a guard says. “It’s a gamble. You’ve got one ticket, that’s a one in three it opens. Two in three you’re ejected, and you lose all coins, everything you’re not wearing, and you’re barred until the next set of events.”


Another guard says, “Blue ticket’s held by someone in the crowd, gotta find them. Red’s in a shop somewhere.”




Where do you go?


6.5.a The base of the stands to your left, where people are arguing about keeping kids on a leash.


6.5.f Go to the upper stands, where a group of adults are trading tips about the upcoming fight.


6.5.m Go to the other vantage point, to bet on the fight.


6.5.x Hop the railing and go to the arena, to put yourself forward for a fight.


6.5.z Stay put.






Chapter 6 - The Pound III - The Arena


You avoid the group of children by hopping the railing and crossing toward the arena. Staff converge on you to get the required information to sign you up.


While they’re doing it, you’re able to get a sense of who’s on the bench, waiting for their first go. Because they haven’t fought, there isn’t a ton of information to be had.




The Flower Sniffer looks like a gardener, hair braided and tied back by a kerchief, dress in the same fabric, apron, and a fierce set of scissors nearly as large as she is, a spade tucked into her apron strings as a backup weapon. The apron is stuffed with various herbs, flowers, and grasses.


The Dog and Bone are an interlinked Lost, a skeleton of an ambiguous species with a dog standing on its hind legs, so it’s unclear if the dog supports the skeleton or vice versa. A tenacious fighter with two health bars and, if you know your idioms, an obsessive attack style. 




If you want to fight, now’s the time to decide how much you’ll be putting forward. They’re organizing the list of challenges for the challenge game now.






Fight?


6.8.a Agree to fight, naming the amount for your bet.
6.8.b Decide discretion is the better part of valor, decide on a different location to head off to.




If you leave, where do you go?
(This may not win favors with the crowd)


6.9.a
Go to the base of the stands to your left, where people are arguing about keeping kids on a leash.


6.9.b
Return to the kiosk. You're not likely to find much there.


6.9.f
Go to where the adult Lost are trading tips about the upcoming fight.


6.9.e
Confront the kids.


Other routes are blocked by the kids.




If you leave, where do you go?
(This may not win favors with the crowd)


6.9.a
Go to the base of the stands to your left, where people are arguing about keeping kids on a leash.


6.9.b
Return to the kiosk. You're not likely to find much there.


6.9.f
Go to where the adult Lost are trading tips about the upcoming fight.


6.9.e
Confront the kids.




Other routes are blocked by the kids.






Chapter 6 - The Pond III - The Arena


Approaching the fight, it seems you’re up against the Flower Sniffer, a stylized Lost gardener with a pair of oversized scissors dragging in the ground beside her.


“Contestants, pick your self-imposed challenges to bring into the arena. Spectators, take your bets, and be ready to participate, put stickers on the catalogue, and decide what options go out to each candidate for the between-rounds style show!”






Do you take any options for the challenge game?




6.10.- Equipment options are provided between rounds. At least one piece of equipment must be swapped out. Those with advantage and Top Dog/audience favor get better selections. Rewards at end are modified by style show verdicts, include selection of found gear.


6.10.a You draw +2 cards at combat outset, then remove four cards in your hand from card pool. 0


6.10.b Copy one chosen card from your card pool. -1 per


6.10.c Put one card from your card pool into your hand to start. -1 per


6.10.d Opponent gets +1 options when they win advantage. +1 per


6.10.e Opponent gets three free 'discard 1, draw 1' plays. +1


6.10.f You get penalized if you do less than 3 damage a round. Penalty: any card that does damage to you thereafter does +1 damage. +2


6.10.g You get -1 card play each round x2 to all rewards




%roll 1d2
[2] = 2




Chapter 6 - The Pound III - The Arena


As you square off at the arena, you draw on the unsolvable puzzle, and cast it out at the Flower Sniffer. Her clothes distort, the minor ruffles growing larger, her weapon a bit more unwieldy.


“One’s seen the fighting rings of the Pound before, but we’re starting with a fresh slate. Not a Finder but a Seeker, will this practitioner be this Pound event’s win-streaker? Let’s find out, it’s Sinclair Sinclair!”


The crowd cheers.


“It’s some wizard named Sinclair!” the kid translator shouts.


The dog-translator woofs.


“And she’s an accomplished gardener from some fine Paths with gardens, be it Rose from the Grave, the Hedged Bets, or the Bed of Nails. She says this is her first ever fight, it’s the Flower Sniffer!”


The crowd applauds. The kid translator hollers, “Flower lady with huge scissors! Woo!”


“Wooof!”






“But there’s more. Tonight, you, the audience members, get to decide what fine fashion our fighters will be quick-changing into… don’t worry, curtains will be provided. And our contestants have chosen their challenges… or have they?”


“They’ll change clothes, but you won’t see any butts! Except maybe this one, who wussed out! That’s butt!”


“Arf arf arf yip!”


“Sinclair declines to take any challenges. The Flower Sniffer is taking all of them!”




You get all the options when you win advantage.
You get three ‘+1 discard, draw a card’ plays to use at any time.
She gets penalized if she deals less than three damage a round.
She gets -1 card play a round.




The crowd cheers like crazy. She holds up a flower for them.






[hand: Axe Coin, card boon, Snarl, Corner Fighting, shield DL, shield RL, shield UD


[Discard this & 1 card, Draw 1] x3 


]




The Flower Sniffer goes first.
(Ah, wait, n/m.  You go first)






Near (1-2) or far (3-4)?


%roll 1d2+2
[1] + 2 = 3


%roll 1d4 (NESW)
"(NESW)" [3] = 3




[combat: we play Axe Coin.


Flower Sniffer plays hit RLL [If two hits done, deals 2x damage. If three hits land, damage is also critical.], hit UL [If both hits land, deals 2x damage.]


Axe Coin in third slot on their side, hits DDD, need-to-hit D]




(Evades 1, not all.  Ignores some associated effects linked to said attacks, that block doesn't)


%roll 1d3
[1] = 1


%roll 1d4
[2] = 2


%roll 5d13
[10] [6] [11] [10] [1] = 38




[hand: shield UD, shield URDL, rapier parry-thrust, rapier thrust [hits RR], Wide Kick, Rabbit Assist, Fish Assist


Discard this & 1 card, Draw 1] x3 


]




[combat: we play rapier parry-thrust, Corner Fighting (gold)


Flower Sniffer plays hit RD [if both hits land, do 2x damage.], black-cross R [You ignore cards with pips at ‘x’. Opponent chooses orange or blue herb & a target.]


Axe Coin in fourth slot on our side, hits RRRR, need-to-hit R.]










Bounce coin near or far?


I guess you'll see!


%roll 1d2
[2] = 2


(The question remains unanswered)






[combat: we play rapier thrust [hit RR], stunned fifth slot.]






%roll 1d3
[3] = 3






Chapter 6 - The Pound III - Fighting the Flower Sniffer


After getting a faceful of orange herb petals, your stomach cramps, and you find yourself vomiting out a fully intact sandwich you definitely don’t remember eating.  It costs you time in combat.


Health: ♥️♥️♥️♥️XXXX






(Her first play) The shears deal 1 damage to you, with you evading the worst of it.
(Your 2nd play) You deal 1 damage right back.
(Her 2nd play) She deals 1 damage to you.  You block the rest.
(Her 3rd play) She deals 1 damage to you.  You block the lower hit with corner fighting.
Your rapier thrust deflects the coin, sending it into the next round.  She disappears into a swirl of flower petals before the rapier thrust can get her.


Health: ♥️♥️♥️xxxxxx


Taking combat advantage, she tosses a red herb at you.  You're poisoned, and take 1 at the end of each round.
%roll 1d4 NESW
"NESW" [3] = 3




[combat: Axe Coin in second slot on their side, hits DDDDD, need-to-hit D]




[hand: shield UD, shield URDL, rapier parry-thrust, Plant Feet, Feint, Rabbit Assist, Fish Assist


Discard this & 1 card, Draw 1] x3 


]






Chapter 6 - The Pound III - Fighting the Flower Sniffer


You’re directed into your corner by the Arena staff. They give you a blue herb, which seems to cure the poison. Breathing hard, you’re brought back to a chair.


The Flower sniffer seems miffed that she has to give up her stuff. She gives her bonnet to the Arena staff, and takes a flat, brimmed cap that resembles an apple- even with a leaf on top. She gets to discard some other items before you get to your selection of...




1
Whimsical Lenses
These wire-frame glasses are tinted and colored, the colors slowly changing over time. Low quality.


Use: Equipment, worn in the top left slot. Have an out of combat use, impacting Sight, and gives you a card in combat:
[Mischievous Look]


Puzzle: Add [Chaos], Top




3
Cap as
Lost fashion, it appears like an old blue wizard hat, printed with yellow stars.




Use: Equipment, worn in the top right slot. Grants a minor ‘flash’ power, blinding foes, that requires one unit of power to utilize, and gets stronger with each [Stars] equipment worn. Also grants:
[Deep Thought]


Puzzle: Add [Star], Top or Right




2
Treasured Hat
This wide-brimmed hat has a coin inset into the band, and thread that looks like dull gold. Worn.


Use: Equipment, worn in the top right slot. Grants +1 coin earned when 2 or more coins are earned, a max number of times a day equal to [Treasured] items worn.
Also grants:
[Sparkling Smile]


Puzzle: Add [Coin], Top






Chapter 6 - The Pound III - Fighting the Flower Sniffer


Wearing your new hat, you stumble back into the arena. Arena staff re-poison you by throwing herb in your face while you’re heading to your corner for round two.




You remove the Dogfight Cap to wear the Cap of Stars.  Pick your combat play to start the round.




%roll 1d2 (does crystal break?  Breaks on a 1)
"(does crystal break?  Breaks on a 1)" [2] = 2






Chapter 6 - The Pound III - Fighting the Flower Sniffer


You haven’t had time to familiarize yourself with the hat, but it’s responsive to power and the stars glow to Sight, so you put power into it.


A flash blinds the Flower Sniffer.


The crystal holds, but the light within has dimmed for now.




%roll 1d3
[2] = 2


%roll 2d4
[1] [1] = 2


The card you play in your 3rd slot will be hidden.




[combat: we play Rabbit Assist. Our second slot hidden.


Flower Sniffer plays black-cross middle [Ignore opposing cards opponent chooses purple or special herb and consumes it.], hit UD [If both hits land, deal x2 damage.]


Axe Coin in third slot on our side, hits UUUUU, need-to-hit U, damage cannot be blocked]




It ignores, doesn't counter.


And would you like to do this before or after the discard & draw?




[pre-ivory hand: Uppercut, Wide Right, Expound, shield UD, shield URDL, Plant Feet


Discard this & 1 card, Draw 1] x3 


]






[combat: as above, but Axe Coin hits UUURRR, need-to-hit U, not unblockable]






Chapter 6 - The Pound III - Fighting the Flower Sniffer


You use the Eye of Ivory, and the Path shudders and shakes- first only your vision, then everything else. Elements peel away and scatter to the winds. The basic elements remain the same, and there are still children and adults, but it appears to be more educational- dogs are getting rather intense dog training, and kids in groups just separate from the spectators are wearing mixed martial arts and military uniforms, miming what you and the Flower Sniffer do.


Nodes have changed. Shop content has changed. Your hand and your opponent's hands have changed.






%roll 2d3 (What does she play (blind)
"(What does she play (blind)" [1] [2] = 3


Coin bounce- near or far?


%roll 1d2
[1] = 1


%roll 3d4 (damage, damage, x)
"(damage, damage, x)" [1] [4] [3] = 8


%roll 1d24
[12] = 12






Chapter 6 - The Pound III - Fighting the Flower Sniffer


You avoid the worst of the powder, only getting a dusting of something multicolored... petals that turn into blue-green fire. It feels good? Like when you were a kid, standing at the top of a hill, and you felt invincible, mighty... except that’s not a memory you have, is it? 


Morale: +++++++XX


The Flower Sniffer recoils from the flames, which don’t seem to hurt you much. It seems she can’t attack effectively into them.




The coin strikes her.  She's wounded, now more than you are, even, and stunned.




[combat: we play shield UD, Uppercut


Flower Sniffer stunned in third and fourth slots]




%roll 1d4
[1] = 1






[pre-ivory hand: Wide Right, Expound, shield URDL, Axe Coin, Feet


Discard this & 1 card, Draw 1] x3 


]






[combat: we play Wide Right, [hit D, shield R]








Chapter 6 - The Pound III - Finishing the Flower Sniffer


With a kick to the back of the head, driving her face into the floor of the arena, you knock out the Flower Sniffer. The arena staff cure the poison and sort you out, glancing back toward the window the Top Dog is standing behind- obscured by the play of light and shadow, getting some cue before healing you to where you were at the start of the fight.


Health: ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥X


Morale: +++++++XX


The crowd seems a bit disappointed the underdog didn’t win, but it was a close fight, so that counts for something. You get your coins back, and collect your winnings of two coins, plus a bonus of two coins for the close fight.


“Did Sinclair Sinclair look stylish for the win!?” the announcer shouts, getting the crowd engaged.


The crowd doesn’t seem enthused. The staff take the Cap of Stars back, returning your Dogfight Cap.


“What about overall style? Best in show? Yea or nay?”


The figure behind the window is hard to make out, but he gives a thumbs down.


“Alas. What about our Flower Sniffer?”


The answer is apparently yes. The flower sniffer, brought to her feet and healed, still with nose bloody from being slammed into the floor, collects some coins, and gets to keep the flat brimmed apple hat. She walks over to the bench where past and future fights of ring one hang out.










Where do you go?


6.11.Z
Go meet Gadsen and talk there. It might go over better if you don’t immediately try to get him to come with you to another location, even if you’re pretty tired and hungry.


6.11.a
Go meet Gadsen and see if he’ll chat with you as you go to a spot where it looks like free training equipment has been set aside for would-be students opting for the free training at The Pound.


6.11.a
Go straight to A, ignoring Gadsen.


6.11.b
Go to the kiosk to ask a question. The kids might intercept you.


6.11.?
Go to the Dogwood Witch’s shop. The kids might intercept you or cut you off.


6.11.e
Go directly to the kids. You might get the advantage?


6.11.f
Try to cut past the kids (and Gadsen) and go to what might be a store.


6.11.X
Stay put for another round (and try to pretend you didn’t see Gadsen arrive)










Chapter 6 - The PounD III - Finishing the Flower Sniffer


0
Lost Coin
The painting on this coin depicts a man in purple leaving for a journey, but it's implied the crowd, orange, won't see or notice him leave or return.


Currency: Lost Coin. Paths currency. You're figuring these out, maybe.




0
Lost Coin
A villain in black wields a pair of scissors, while his foe, offscreen, tries to ward against them. The ward stands out from the coin, faintly glowing.


Currency: Lost Coin. Paths currency. You're figuring these out, maybe.




0
Lost Coin
A juggler in motley teal sits in the cusp of the crescent harvest moon, orange, tossing his balls so they orbit it.


Currency: Lost Coin. Paths currency. You're figuring these out, maybe.




0
Sand Witch's Sandwich
Vomited up during an arena fight, vomit somehow isn't the issue, it's that it's a peculiar sandwich with sparkles and grit in it.


Use: Restores 1d3 supply and gives a clue, but lowers morale by 1.




0
Lost Coin
Painted Lost standing in snow enjoy a stage play, featuring a man in a red mask with horns and a long nose.


Currency: Lost Coin. Paths currency. You're figuring these out, maybe.




0
Lost Coin
A coin painted with a queen staring down a maiden, the queen clad in royal purple, the maiden wearing periwinkle blue.


Currency: Lost Coin. Paths currency. You're figuring these out, maybe.






Chapter 6 - The Pound III - Gadsen at the Entrance Gate


"Hello!" Gadsen greets you. "Emergency?"


"Sort of."


"Ah, hm," he says, pausing. "I suspected it wasn’t one when you were coming from the Arena. It might be best to reserve that kind of shouting of someone’s name into the aether for emergencies. Luckily I wasn’t doing anything too important. I’ve been meaning to have a chat with you, but I thought it would be over the phone, haha.


"Tell me, what do you know of other practices? I was telling my family of the other curious thing you did, that led to us binding the disrupted spirit, and they’re interested in the practice."




Gadsen talks to you about Research Notes. He’d be interested in any of your practices, but he’s most interested in Ivory for an Eye.


To craft basic research notes, you’ll need:
> Total die rolls equalling 20
> Two different tier 1 clues
> A tier 1 categorical Clue (Realms, Lore, Conflict, Immaterial, etc.)
> A tier 2 Paths clue
> A thesis: How you’d break Ivory for an Eye into two separate, lesser practices.
  One of those is nominated for use here.


The total number required across crafting rolls is reduced by up to 15 by having more appropriate clues (3 per, for general & s) and a strong thesis (potential deduction of 6) for the proposed practice.


Once you craft two basic research notes with different clues (only Paths repeating) and paired theses, you can create an intermediate research notes for Ivory for an Eye itself.


Research notes don’t tend to sell for more, but hold their prices over longer periods of time.


“Is there a practice you’re interested in? Or a problem you’re looking to solve? A gap in your abilities? I’ll sweeten the deal, and trade you one for one, on top of putting your book onto the market through our little in-House publishing house. If you give me one, I can send you something for the practice in question.”










Where do you go?


6.12.a Express interest in something combat-based
6.12.b Express interest in a more flexible summoning practice
6.12.c Express interest in something for deceit and misdirection
6.12.d Express interest in a toolkit- something you can expand and draw on.
6.12.e Express interest in something defensive or protective for yourself.
6.12.f Express interest in boon and trinket management.
6.12.g Express interest in getting yourself set up in reality, for when you’re between Paths.
6.12.h Express interest in brute forcing puzzles or problems
6.12.i Express interest in more safety options like the escape rope.
6.12.j Express interest in finding new Paths and organizing how you approach them
6.12.k Express interest in things that might work with the Path-reality dynamic
6.12.l Express interest in a powerful tool or weapon.
6.12.m Express interest in expanding your puzzle deciphering and information gathering abilities.
6.12.n Express interest in Paths magic items.
6.12.★ Express interest in one of the listed practices, except Little Wolves, from the Pact Dice field writeup.






Chapter 6 - The Pound III - Gadsen at the Entrance Gate


“I’d be interested in something for when I’m off-Path.”


“There’s a lot of discussion to be had on that subject, some of it comes in one of the texts that follows ‘From Far Realms to Dreams’. In my grandfather’s generation, even in my father’s, so much of our focus was on trying to manage survival here on a basic level. Now it’s gone two major directions - some are pushing that further, it’s dangerous, risky. Others, ‘Finders’, are figuring out how to bring things home.


“So there’s one practice that springs to mind. It’s a Finder practice, one I’ve used myself. We coined it the ‘Dream Ticket’, and as you bring in more Finder things into a space, it expands that space. If Lost dwell in that space, it gets larger. Ideally, it’s a space you own, or a Demesne. There’s some tertiary benefits once you’ve got a setup, like increasing the quantities of things you find and your appeal with Lost.”


“There’s also Founder practices. Which, I guess if you go back to what I just said, is a very high-risk, high-reward practice, that also brings things home. A basic Founder practice dubbed ‘Found Out’ lets you take something from a Path and send it to Earth. Take the teeth out of a danger, or send something valuable down. It’ll become something visceral on landing, usually. On the one hand, you modify the fabric of the Path, so be careful. On the other, you can decide what you want- magic item, tool or furniture for general use, alter an area. There is a risk of stray Lost or things cascading down- more than you intended falling to Earth. With the full Founder practice, you try to do a full cascade. Bring an entire Path down.”


“Um, let me think. More niche- something that came up when I was talking to others about you, a fellow who committed himself to protecting a magical place didn’t know it was a spot the Paths were leaking into Earth- nearby Lords took offense to him stopping them from plugging the hole. He called himself a Whimsy. A little more spontaneous, he promised me a research paper, like I’m hoping to get you to commit to doing. With ‘Bessetting’, you can capture elements like, say, the Arena, here, or a puzzle that restricts passage, and turn it into a trap, to foil the wrong someone.”






Chapter 6 - The Pound III - Gadsen at the Entrance Gate


“Before we get into that, you should know I might be pursued here. Another Little Wolf.”


“Another. Good to know. What did you do to them? Is that why you called? Because I must say, I’m sorry, I’m willing to be a colleague, but...”


“No. I called because I saw a major magic item. Jacques’ Jacket? It cost quite a bit. I thought your family could do something with it. I waited as long as I could, but I unfortunately had to use practice to shuffle the Path.”


“Ah well. I’m not sure anything would have come of it. It might have been interesting to see, but I don’t think my family has that kind of coinage. We’ve been trading our coin to another family for research purposes, in exchange for free texts, keeping only a reserve of a hundred coins or so. In the future, I’d prefer a phone call to tell me after, over an interruption in my day.”






Express interest in...


6.13.a ...Dream Ticket.
6.13.b ...Found Out
6.13.c ...Besetting
6.13.d ...Something else, but taking too long with this discussion will likely cost supply and give enemies a chance to move/appear.




%roll 1d3
[3] = 3


%roll 1d100
[13] = 13


%roll 1d3
[2] = 2




Chapter 6 - The Pound III - Gadsen at the Entrance Gate


You eat the sandwich as you talk. You restore three supply.


Supply: █ █ █ █ □ □ □ □ □


Morale: ++++++XXX


And you obtain a clue:


[Puzzle I clue]


“I’ll send you the notes on the Dream Ticket, then, so you have an idea what you’d be writing. Call if you have questions. I should go. I skipped out on family responsibilities to come to what I thought was an emergency, and I don’t want to cross any Little Wolf here.”






6.14.a  Commit to writing the research notes.
6.14.b  Avoid committing, and move on.
6.14.★  Add something else, delaying & costing supply.






If you move on...


6.11.a
Go to a spot where it looks like free training equipment has been set aside for would-be students opting for the free training at The Pound.


6.11.b
Go to the kiosk to confront the kids.


6.11.x
Return to the arena to fight.






Chapter 6 - The Pound III - Spare Equipment


You agree to write the research notes, but stress it might take some time. Extending your apologies, you move on to the spot with the spare equipment. It looks like equipment is available to grab, but they’re only giving out one piece of equipment at a time, so everyone has a little bit. You have an option of the following:


2
Dogfight Muzzle
This cage fits over the lower face, protecting it, and is studded with small spikes to punish any foe who’d grab or touch it.


Use: Equipment, center top slot only. After you use a mid-fight consumable, a maximum of [Dogfight Equipment worn] cards that defend top are changed to also attack top, starting with the weakest base cards.




1
Stuffed Dog Chain
This chain has a charm fixed to it by a previous owner, dog-shaped, but battered, and soaked with mud and blood.


Use: Can be equipped as a trinket. While so equipped, treat all mention of Dogs, Spikes, and Chains as if they belonged to other two categories, for purposes of items and powers. Can be used to modify an asset, to the same effect, limited to that asset.




2
Dogfight Top
This tan-colored garment is a little ragged at the collar and sleeves, and might be woven from doghair.


Use: Defensive equipment, worn in any middle slot. Grants:
[Savage Press]


While worn, gain maximum health equal to number of fights fought in the current node, after the first. If health is at or below [Dogfight] and you heal, heal to [Dogfight].






If you give up two non-trinket pieces of wearable equipment, you can take a second item. If you give up three, you can take:




4
Houndstooth Gloves
Leather gloves with clasps shaped like a dog's tooth, and are exceptional at rubbing chin scruff thoughtfully, or running fingers through hair.


Use: Equipment, any slot. At key nodes, get a clue or consumable, to be used before Path end. In combat, [smoke] consumables restore [Houndstooth equip] total health, morale, cards to pool, counting in that order. Grants the defensive: [Point/Fetch]






Chapter 6 - The Pound III - Spare Equipment


You claim your prize, and are about to start planning your next move when the spotlight comes on, shining directly in your face.






Chapter 6 - The Pound III - Spare Equipment


You can barely see against the glare, but it appears to be the one Flanagan and Blaze were talking about - the Japanese girl. She begins using what might be charcoal to draw on the spotlight, drawing an image through the shadow cast- a magic circle.






Where do you go?


6.15.c  Go to where the crowd is getting overly rambunctious.
6.15.d  Go to where a Lost kid is having a party, with goodies in abundance.
6.15.a  Stay where you are.
6.15.x  Return to the arena to fight.
6.15.z  Return to the entrance gate.
6.15.★  Use an item, do a practice, or say something (suggest & add to poll)






Chapter 6 - The Pound III - Goodies, Interrupted


Pressing forward, you hold an arm up to shield against the glare from the spotlight, which is moved to track you- not perfectly, her attention is divided- and head to where Lost are partying. They’re surrounding the Lost at the center of the little party with tokens - a puppy, a dress, makeup, a cardigan, hose. The Lost is a young girl, beaming- at least until you crash the party, running through.


“Clover. Any ideas?”


“What she’s doing doesn’t feel like the Wolf thing. Similar but different.”


“Dabbler?” Penny suggests.


The pack of kids wince and shield their eyes from the glare. The girl at the center of the birthday-ish celebration calls out to you, “Take food, take-”


The intense light of the spotlight, fine in a passing sweep, intense when not, catches her. She changes her mind. “Nevermind! Just leave! You’re ruining it!”


It seems the spotlight may make engaging with whatever is under the glare a little more difficult. You turn, pivoting, and use practice to cast out some symbols, to confuse and befuddle the practice. Some at the ground and the shadows, and some at the spotlight itself.


It sparks violently, and the light shuts off. It seems it’ll need repair before it’s usable again.


“Now you can take some food. And a goodie bag. And go before you ruin things again!”






“That’s a Wolf thing,” Clover says, pointing.


The Little Wolf, in the stands on the far side of the arena, is crouched down, drawing on the ground. Red light is shining up with each line she draws, the ribbons in her hair fluttering and growing in scale as she works.






Food?


6.16.a  Grab a slice of water pie.
6.16.b  Grab some gold nugget cake.
6.16.c  Grab both.






Goodie bag?


6.17.★ Pick a color.


Goodie bag?






Chapter 6 - The Pound III - Goodies, Interrupted


You collect your pink goodie bag from the pile.




1
Water Pie
This pie is translucent, with miniature waves crashing along its surface before your eyes. The crust looks like sand.


Consumable: Sets your supply to 3, granting 1 morale for every two supply lost, or losing 1 morale per supply gained.




3
Pink Goodie Bag
A bag from a Lost’s becoming party. Includes party favors, all pink, or close to.


Consumable: Contains a coin, food item, card, herb, papers, resource, and one rarer kind of Paths consumable/trinket, all pink, or red and white.




Opening this or trying to retrieve one item will likely cause it to spill out, overflowing your inventory.






Where do you go?


6.18.c Go to where the crowd is getting overly rambunctious.
6.18.g Go to where the fighters of Ring One are signing autographs and hanging out.
6.18.d Stay where you are.
6.18.x Return to the arena to fight.
6.18.z Return to the entrance gate.
6.18.★ Use an item, do a practice, or say something (suggest & add to poll)






Chapter 6 - The Pound III - Fighter’s Rest


You reach the place where the fighters are signing autographs. A pair of Lost kids hold up their notebooks for you to sign, while a third little boy with a shaky dog in a cage in place of his head, wants you to reach inside to sign his dog. A bit of a distraction when other things are happening on the far side of the arena.


“I kicked my friend’s face into the dirt the same way you did!” a girl tells you, giddy.


“Yapyipyarp!” the quivery dog barks, nervous, before cowering at the corner of its cage furthest from you.


You don’t have many fans, but the ones you do have seem eager.






6.19.a Take the time to sign all three- two notebooks and one quivering dog in a cage that might be a Lost child’s brain.
6.19.b Sign the notebooks, play it safe with a scared dog.
6.19.c Ignore them and move forward.
6.19.* Take a minute to say something to the Flower Sniffer.






Chapter 6 - The Pound III - Fighter’s Rest


Your fans seem grateful, and happily go to their parents to show them. There’s no immediate reward, but you wonder if you might run into them again, down the line…






Where do you go?


6.20.c Go to where the crowd is getting overly rambunctious.
6.20.g Stay at ring one, talk to the Flower Sniffer, or spend some more time around the kids.
6.20.k Go to the next spotlight, by the left gate.
6.20.d Stay where you are.
6.20.z Return to the entrance gate, to fight the kids.






Chapter 6 - The Pound III - Rambunctiousness


A group of Lost are arguing. The first appears to be on a date. His eyelashes appear to be painted on, his eyes fixed permanently open, his lips and garb rosy red. The Lost with him is similar, but wears white and blue, and is very possibly drunk. Or dead. “The Flower Sniffer is clearly going to win, she’s the most fashionable, with the best outfit!”


“Yeah!” a group of people in the crowd say, thoroughly convinced.


“It’s the Poundcake Princess, she’s the most unexpectedly vicious!” a second lost says, an older woman with dramatic heavy jowls and wrinkles on her face, which strike an eery middle ground between dog and human. Her voice is loud, tremulous, and dramatic, ringing through the Arena.


“Yeah!” a group of people in the crowd say, changing their minds, convinced by the new argument.


“It’s the Dog Napper. They believe in being well rested and well prepared!”


“Yeah!” the crowd agrees with the third Lost to put forward a candidate and argument, an awkward looking man with a black and white striped shirt and long coat, who is trying to hide a piece of signage he’s stolen inside his coat, holding it behind his back with his coat draped over it.


“We’ll never decide like this. You! New person!” a woman declares, pointing at you. “Who’s right- no. Nevermind that. Who’s wrong?”






Chapter 6 - The Pound - Rambunctiousness


It appears the Little Wolf is putting out the fires, and will resume drawing the diagram when done.






Chapter 6 - The Pound III - Rambunctiousness


While the Lost are pressuring you to give your answer, you spot your own reflection in the glass that separates the adult section from the children’s area, to keep smoke in and the noise of that lower level out. Your iris glints gold.


You navigate the area, with its high stools and counters, so that people can sit at the glass window and watch children train- or watch and bet on the fights, and its music player, until you find a place the glass has cracked. Reaching your hand through, you reach through and pluck the eye out. Along with it comes a string, with body parts arranged along it.




Snipped Bits


A thread with pieces of a person attached to it, in various precious metals. The wire catches on things easily, and tries to wind around your fingers and sever them.


This has no practical use. Maybe it could be sold? Or given to the right person?






Chapter 6 - The Pound III - Rambunctiousness


You open the curled branch, and it’s as if you opened a small window into a very festive place. The smell of wine and summer fills your nostrils, and music begins to play, string instruments, drums, and someone throat singing, a burr of a sound that manages to be sweet and scary at the same time.


Something to set the scene for a fight - and perhaps change its dynamics?


As if brought out by the music, two birds of prey swoop out of the branch, rustling the leaves and causing them to fall. Their feathers are the color of umber and blood, their talons and beaks sharp, their eyes piercing. They stand by, alert, watching you.


The branch withers, and sheds its final leaves, leaving you holding a curled branch that ends in a sprig of red grapes that smell very much like wine and blood.


“I dare say,” the woman with the jowls pronounces, her loud, echoing voice cutting through the silence. “The Poundcake Princess is even more vicious than those birds!”


The argument resumes, drowning out the music.






Chapter 6 - The Pound III - Six of Escapes


The card draws in color and light as you hold it out and up, trembling with energy, before it’s ripped in two. The Lost around you, faded and obscured, as if by mist, politely step back and away as the card’s effects take hold. A bright and brightly colored hangman’s rope extends down to your neck, then past your neck, down to your waist, securing itself there. It does the same for Penny and Clover- and for two nearby chairs, a section of bar, and the music player.


You, Penny, and Clover, are yanked to one side, away from those odds and ends. Yet you end up in the same place. It’s your room in the boarding house near the cannery, except it’s a fair bit more chaotic and crowded, with the inclusion of two chairs, a bar with some Lost alcohol in it (and some spilled onto the floor), and a Lost music player with a record in it.




Spent:


0
The Six of Escapes


Card: A young wizard in a house where furniture hangs from ropes above a void, drawing the ‘escape rope’ diagram on the furniture and walls.


Relocates you and up to six unattended Lost assets nearby to the location on Earth you entered the paths from, ending your expedition.






[DOWNTIME VI]






%roll 1d2
[1] = 1


%roll 1d7
[5] = 5


%roll 1d3
[3] = 3






Chapter 6 - The Pound III - Six of Escapes


It takes you a while to sort out your space. It’s overfull, meaning you may have to make some decisions, and it seems the Lost you freed from the Forest Ribbon Trail left you some papers.




2 
Steep Chair


This low chair has a saucer-shaped depression for a seat, with a hook dangling from the curved chair back, from which a teapot is hung. Fat candles can heat the seat and teapot, keeping contents warm.


Asset: [Tea] [Water] [Leaf] [Steam] [Gossip] - has extra, undiscovered utility & value for affiliated Lost and Others. Can be tapped to turn any of the above clues into another of the above.




1 
Machine References


Collected papers clearly intended to inform the design of some form of Lost machinery, with beautiful reference sketches, photos.


Consumable: Images can be put up on a wall as a low-value Asset, impacting Machine & related clues. Otherwise, can be spent at any time for 2-3 clues. If used in relation to something tied to the title image, grants a basic hint in addition to the clues.




2 
Highest Chair


This very tall chair self-adjusts so it can’t be sat in without hunching over to avoid bumping the ceiling. A precarious sit that leaves one constantly wondering if they’ll fall.


Asset: [Towel] [Air] [Bird] [Jump] [Watch] - has extra, undiscovered utility & value with affiliated Lost and Others. Can be tapped to turn any of the above clues into another one of the above.




3 
Pound Bar Cart


A wheeled bar cart with a lacquered countertop in the shape of the arena from The Pound. Alcohol sits on shelves behind the nice front-facing façade.


Asset: On fetching a drink, rolls 1d6; if number is below current number of drinks at the PBC, get a free drink and roll again. If number of drinks is ever 7+, 50% chance to spill & make a mess.




3 
Falling Arpeggios Player


This music player is styled with dozens of detailed, miniscule drawings of Lost falling, apparently to their deaths. Adapts to play all forms of music, but plays variations on the input track.


Asset: Items and assets in the space that interact with things of 2+ keywords have an additional keyword while music plays. Heals Lost morale and helps ward against negative banes for Lost.




Your Field Notes: Navigating the Queen’s Ransom and three research papers have all arrived.








TEXT


Research: Dream King’s Bounty


Basic research into finding quality magic items on the paths.  Adapted from Collector practices, folding in elements of how Paths iterate based on the viewer.


HAVE: ☐


TABLE OF CONTENTS


☐ ☐ ☐ ☐ ☐ Gain a random Paths clue, tier 1


☐ ☐ ☐ ☐ ☐ Gain three random Paths clues, tier 1.


LOCKED
[King II] [Any Yellow/Green/Teal II] [Realms II] [Paths II]


Can skip up to two of the above by finishing a Cosmology text per 
Can skip a max of the two above by…


☐ ☐ ☐ ☐ ☐ New Practice: Dream King’s Bounty - Ritual, costs $1. For 3 Paths after the ritual, quality of magic items is increased; when rolling XL12 for item generation, the lowest result gets +3, +2, then +1, respective to the Path. Spending power can extend this, with diminishing returns.






TEXT


Research: Sunday Circle


Basic research into effective long-term binding of Lost.


HAVE: ☐


TABLE OF CONTENTS


☐ ☐ ☐ ☐ ☐ Gain a random Paths clue, tier 1


☐ ☐ ☐ ☐ ☐ Gain 1d6 random Paths clues, tier 1.


LOCKED
[Sun II] [Any Green/Teal/Blue II] [Deals II] [Paths II]


Can skip up to two of the above by finishing an Anthropology text per.
Can skip up to two of the above by binding hostile Lost with 80%+ health remaining, per.  Lesser+ only.


☐ ☐ ☐ ☐ ☐ New Practice: Sunday Circle - Diacritic, can be included in any non-rushed binding or added after the fact. Bound and secured Lost gain experience at 33% the rate they would if free, and if rolling for passive healing or recovery, roll twice and take the highest result. Direct healing gets a +1.






TEXT


Intermediate Research: Dream Ticket


Intermediate research into a ritual that defines a space on Earth to be habitable and comfortable for all things Lost; requires knowledge of the flows and energies involved.


HAVE: ☐


TABLE OF CONTENTS


[Locked] - Learn Lost King’s Bounty & Sunday Circle first


☐ ☐ ☐ ☐ ☐  Gain 1d3 random Paths clues, tier 2.


☐ ☐ ☐ ☐ ☐ Gain 1d20 random Paths clues, tier 1-2.


LOCKED
[King III] [Sun III] [Tools III] [Deals III]


Can skip one of the above by finishing two Cosmology texts
Can skip one of the above by finishing two Anthropology texts


☐ ☐ ☐ ☐ ☐ New Practice: Dream Ticket - Ritual, costing $2 in materials. Grants 1.25 extra spaces for Assets for every two Lost Assets included in a space. Grants additional experience, recovery, and happiness to Lost residing in affected spaces. For every 5 [Lost Assets + Lost] maintained, quality of magic items and assets is improved (+1 to lowest roll result of any XL12 roll) and binding is accelerated one step forward when initiated against a Lost, up to +3 and two steps, respectively. If used alongside subordinate practices, the higher number wins.






%roll 1d100
[13] = 13


%roll 3d3
[2] [1] [3] = 6


%roll 2d7
[2] [3] = 5


%roll 1d7
[4] = 4


%roll 3d7
[1] [4] [6] = 11






Chapter 6 - The Pound III - Six of Escapes


As you get your bearings, you collect your mail and find $2.13 has come in from your field notes. A fresh white sproutling grows at the base of the white flower.


You’ve also honed your fighting abilities and have the option of combining two of the following:


[shield U] [shield R] [hit L]


And have worked with the coin enough to have the option of the following:


Axe Coin: Damage cannot be reduced by blocks.
Axe Coin: You choose target when you throw/bounce the coin. Can choose many environmental features to disrupt them; bounces to foe afterward.
Axe Coin: Get +1 choice, chance of rare option, in future picks.




%roll 1d3
[3] = 3


%roll 2d3
[1] [2] = 3


%roll 3d3
[1] [2] [3] = 6


%roll 1d10 (Clue Board)
"(Clue Board)" [8] = 8


%roll 2d10
[4] [4] = 8








Chapter 6 - Post-Pound Clues


You found the scrivening Other left bound on the Path had set down roots, of a sort, and bound her…


[Scrivening I clue] [Overwrite I clue] [Clubs II clue] 


You found a high-tier item…


[Lore I clue] 


You fought through a mob of children and were victorious in getting the yellow ticket.


[Paths I clue] [Dog I clue] 


You fought the Flower Sniffer and scraped through for a successful victory.


[Paths II clue] [Spades II clue] 


You encountered a Little Wolf.


[Rapacious I clue] [Rapacious I clue] [Wolf II clue] 


And you used your first card.


[Cards I clue] 






Finally, for your clue grid, you activated the following Investigation skill:




8. Finding Common Background


For each set of 2+ clues among clues [on your clue grid] with shared color but different subjects, create a clue with a connected subject if possible, random if not.


Scrivening + Paths (Blue) becomes Deals I.
Realms + Luck (Green) randomly becomes Murder I.


[Deals I clue] [Murder I clue]






Little Wolf rewards, changed:


[Rapacious I clue] [Wolf I] [Rapacious II clue] [Wolf II clue] 










Chapter 6 - Interlude


You have some time to spend. What do you do?






%roll 1d6
[6] = 6






%roll 1d7
[6] = 6










Chapter 6 - Interlude - Pink Goodie Bag


0
Lost Coin
The painting on this coin depicts a red king with a white key in his lap.


Currency: Lost Coin. Paths currency. You’re figuring these out, maybe.




0
Cauldron Candy
This candy looks like a pink cloud, with smaller odds and ends suspended in it.


Use: Restores 1d3 supply and then randomly teleports you somewhere close by. If you’re in combat, starts a new combat round with you having the advantage, breaking all combos. If you have 2+ teeth, 50% chance you lose a tooth after eating.




0
Six of Maidens
A Lost maiden kneels by the water, reaching down to clasp the hand of her paramour, reflected in the surface, with his hand sticking out of the water.


Consumable: Used on the Paths, function unknown. There’s a variety of cards out there, with an underlying logic, and apparently you can collect hands of cards to great effect. Good luck!




0
Redwhite Herb
This herb is soft to the touch, the red and white mingling to give the stems a pink color.


Consumable: You could try eating it. It's an herb. You don’t know enough about Path Herbs to know what it is or what it might do.




0
Lipstick Pressed Papers


Assorted papers from Path-related events that have gravitated together, covered in lipstick kisses.


Consumable: Can spend at any time for 1-2 clues, some Path related. If used in relation to something tied to Love, grants a basic hint in addition to the clues.




0
Wrong Foot


It looks like a Lost was supposed to manifest, but something went wrong. There’s only a semi-animate foot with pink toenails.


Resource: It could potentially work as a very iffy prosthetic, but is mainly worth an unknown amount of money for crafting. It could be Realms based, and... ?






Chapter 6 - Interlude - Rapacious You


[Rapacious I clue]


You spend some time considering your life circumstance, how you got to be what you are, and it does feel like something was taken from you... after a fashion. You’re leaning in the right direction here, but you’re not precisely there.


You have a terrible feeling…


Maybe it’s a bad time to get a drink, but you go for a drink at the bar.


“It’s best not to pay attention to the bottles unless you’re drinking them. That gives them more room to mess up the count,” Penny volunteers.


If there’s a trick to being in the right mindset here, you haven’t figured it out. No bonus bottle, as far as you can tell. You seem to have picked up a Pound standard…




1
Hair of the Dog


You’ve heard of tequila with a worm or scorpion in the bottle. This strong drink has dog hair, with a strainer in the nozzle to keep it from ending up in your cup.


Consumable: Restores 1d3 supply and 1d3 morale. If you're poisoned, cures poison, otherwise 16% chance to poison you. Ditto for bleeding, blinded, silenced, weak, fragile, and confused.






Chapter 6 - Interlude - You and the Paths


[Paths I clue]


You consider the Paths to date, and it’s a reasonable assumption that, given how things have gone, where they’re going, and how baffled the establishment are - Death itself, in this case-, the Paths are involved.


You could spend an age picking things apart and dwelling on the subject, but it’s haunting to realize what you’ve lost. You’re shooting in the dark, missing crucial information. It’s likely to be found out there, finding resources like the spirit speaker or meeting people like Death, not by looking within and agonizing over possibilities, with an emphasis on prodding those internal wounds.


Morale: +++++xxxx






Chapter 6 - Interlude - Forgot this in the Goodie Bag


3
Chickenhawk Feather
From a far-flung Path where this is a key part of navigation. Most feathers lose their magic leaving it. This didn’t.


Consumable: Skip a non-key (not diamond shaped) node. If there are threats in that node, they're wounded, blinded, and stunned, delaying pursuit/denying advantage.






To craft basic research notes, you’ll need:
> Total die rolls equalling 20
> Two different tier 1 clues
> A tier 1 categorical Clue (Realms, Lore, Conflict, Immaterial, etc.)
> A tier 2 Paths clue
> A thesis: How you’d break Ivory for an Eye into two separate, lesser practices.
  One of those is nominated for use here.


The total number required across crafting rolls is reduced by up to 15 by having more appropriate clues (3 per, for general & categorical) and a strong thesis (potential deduction of 6) for the proposed practice.


Once you craft two basic research notes with different clues (only Paths repeating) and paired theses, you can create an intermediate research notes for Ivory for an Eye itself.


Research notes don’t tend to sell for more, but hold their prices over longer periods of time.


You’ll make one d6 roll as part of this crafting action - if you have more assets that suit the task at hand, you can make more as a single downtime action, or get bonuses. For now, outline it, and provide the clues that provide the necessary inspiration.






What's your thesis?


6.i.2.* Name the first half of Ivory for an Eye - what's a lesser practice that would make a sensible stepping stone to this practice?




What clues do you provide?
6.1.3.* Nominate the two tier 1 clues you feel are appropriate to the practice in the thesis.
6.1.4.* Nominate the categorical clue you feel fits best.






Rules Amendment
Field Notes have been changed from how they previously worked, as there was an unintended gameplay consequence of discouraging having large libraries and using it to ramp singular book reads.


Is now:


Paths Fundamentals - Gives you 1 reading progress in all Paths related books. When you finish a Path, gives a 1 in 3 chance, rolled for each Path related text, of a point of progress. This background improves when 3, 5, 7, 9, 11, and 12 different Field Notes have been read.


Which should hew closer to the original gameplay intent of it giving you general-level knowledge on the Paths.






Chapter 6 - Writing Research Notes


Your inspiration is apt, but your thesis overreaches slightly - the risk of Others is the power source, really, and what you’re doing doesn’t require that kind of push, it’s akin to strapping a rocket to a thread to thread a needle. Custom-rolling a specific shop or variable requires a finer touch than an easy practice could provide, and, to top it off, as written, it’d be usable to custom-summon Scrivening Others straight into a binding diagram. Some rewriting is necessary. You draft what you need to get done.




Checklist


Initial Amount: 20
Thesis: 3 (Out of Possible 6)
Clue 1 [Scrivening]: 3 (Out of Possible 3)
Clue 2 [Card]: 3 (Out of Possible 3)
Categorical [Lore]: 3 (Out of Possible 3)
Paths Clue: Always a Deduction of 3 out of 3.
Total: 15 (Max 15)
Roll: 4
Work Remaining: 1




You’re free to set your desk to the task of craft, letting you chip away at a project.






TEXT


Research: Cross-Ivoried


Basic research into the use of scrivening Others and principles to fuel the 'Ivory' effect and change something random or variable.


HAVE: ☐


TABLE OF CONTENTS


☐ ☐ ☐ ☐ ☐ Gain a random Paths clue and a random Scrivening clue, tier 1.


☐ ☐ ☐ ☐ ☐ Gain 1d3 Paths clues and 1d3 Scrivening clues, tier 1-2.


LOCKED
[Scrivening II] [Any Orange/Yellow/Green II] [Lore II] [Paths II]: 


Can skip two of the above by finishing any Scrivening text. 
Can skip a max of two of the above by binding a scrivening Other, per.


☐ ☐ ☐ ☐ ☐ New Practice: Cross-Ivoried - Whenever you're presented with a random selection (drawing a hand, cracking Paths trash, approaching a node), you may reroll it. Can be used repeatedly in quick succession, but each use after the first on a given expedition causes physical and mental stress (1 damage to each). There is a small risk of Scrivening Others manifesting elsewhere as a result.






Chapter 6 - Writing Research Notes


You enter the bar, to find Post at the counter, talking to Helm. At the corner table you once met Lynch and Delreal at, a woman and a man you don’t recognize are sitting together.


“I don’t know why,” Post says, as you approach. “But a part of me feels continually surprised you’re still around when you show up or I hear new mention of you.”


Your impression of Post is almost the opposite- someone who’s gotten a lot of sun and seen a lot of things- wearing traces of those things in his fashion and jewelry, who has traveled the world and might do another few circuits before slowing down or hardship even enters the equation.


“Miette and Oscar. Dangerous, but small time. She steals bodies. He steals and duels.”


Helm mutters, “Watch my bar, Post? The girl’s too weak. I gotta shit.”


“Okay,” Post says.


“Edda!” Helm hollers, into what is presumably the living space behind the Crooked Pub. “Handle the drinks!”


When Helm is gone, Post remarks, “Helm’s a good man.”


“What?” Clover asks.


But Post only holds a finger to his lips. Edda has come out to stand behind the bar, and he doesn’t seem to want to say more with her there.






Chapter 6 - Writing Research Notes


You enter the bar, to find Post at the counter, talking to Helm. At the corner table you once met Lynch and Delreal at, a woman and a man you don’t recognize are sitting together.


“I don’t know why,” Post says, as you approach. “But a part of me feels continually surprised you’re still around when you show up or I hear new mention of you.”


Your impression of Post is almost the opposite- someone who’s gotten a lot of sun and seen a lot of things- wearing traces of those things in his fashion and jewelry, who has traveled the world and might do another few circuits before slowing down or hardship even enters the equation.


“Miette and Oscar. Dangerous, but small time. She steals bodies. He steals and duels.”


Helm mutters, “Watch my bar, Post? The girl’s too weak. I gotta shit.”


“Okay,” Post says.


“Edda!” Helm hollers, into what is presumably the living space behind the Crooked Pub. “Handle the drinks!”


When Helm is gone, Post remarks, “Helm’s a good man.”


“What?” Clover asks.


But Post only holds a finger to his lips. Edda has come out to stand behind the bar, and he doesn’t seem to want to say more with her there.






Chapter 6 - Writing Research Notes


“Can I ask about the places your practice involves?”


“You can ask but there’s limits to what I can say. My family travels the world, looking for signs of knotting and maps it extensively. In some instances, the knotting is beneficial, and I seek that out. Mountain ranges that enclose a civilization that hasn’t touched the outside world in centuries, a place the spirit world intersected reality and found equilibrium, sealing off the edges, a tribe of men who bound a great evil and then decided that instead of going to war against neighbors, they’d use similar barriers to keep those neighbors at bay.


“Many there live to be two or three hundred years old. I’ve carried away enough traces of those places I may do the same. Many of these places have their own prizes and powers, and Others dwell in them that have gone extinct elsewhere. I found a woman I loved and thought I might settle down to live there with her forever, but I left to discuss the matter with family, heard how the war was going, and thought it my obligation to contribute. In the end, War himself kept me from the front lines through administrative red tape, and I found the barrier had been adjusted to prevent my re-entry when I went to return.”






Chapter 6 - Writing Research Notes


“We’ve run into our own difficulty with Incarnations - Death showed up on one of the Paths, and that’s been a pain. That same Path, I found an observatory that could find your closed off realm.”


“I’ve sworn not to lead others there by word or deed, and I wouldn’t want to, even if I could. They’d hunt me and subject me to some form of torment, I think, if I were to intrude, and it would be tormenting enough to know the woman I loved is with someone else... or that she isn’t.”


“As for Death, hm. I’d venture to say that an encounter with Death that doesn’t end with you dead is a good thing, not a bad. I have no animosity toward War, for what it’s worth, for similar reasons. He had his reasons for keeping me out of the fight. I still contributed, using my knowledge of various languages to translate. I did my part from an office, not the front lines, and experienced a kind of loss of home, love, and brothers, through having that place cut off from me. I tell myself that it’s equitable enough. I’d encourage you to look at your interactions with Death in the same way.”






Chapter 6 - Writing Research Notes


“My colleague mentioned a place on Earth connected to the Paths.”


“There are some lines of study in that direction,” Post tells you. “The realms that bleed into and overlap Earth, the boundaries between realms and how they get pierced by practice, the spaces between realms, where they fit imperfectly together. I’ve seen things that haunt me still, grazing those fields of study. I find it most effective to think of realms like one thinks of weather. In some places you can reliably expect to find sun and heat and that doesn’t change, though the winds might pick up and die. Like a stable realm. In others, it changes... giving us our bulges, brief overlaps, and, on occasion, people ground into shapes beyond space and time, by realms shifting against one another. The places I study are like... calderas on mountaintops, collecting rain and mist. Sometimes they’re even an oasis, or home to unique things.


“How would you describe your Paths, in my analogy to weather?”






Chapter 6 - Writing Research Notes


“What you might get in small islands out in the middle of the sea, not on the maps. Bizarre little microclimates. Like tsunamis every week, or only having thunderstorms when it's sunny out. And things to find on them it’s hard to find anywhere else.”


“If you’re good at braving the unexpected, I could put something simple forward for that favor you owe me. I was assigned a task some time ago, and I’ve poked and prodded around the edges, but I’d rather not stick my head in there. It’s a house, the occupants disappeared, left everything behind. I’ve dug into it, I think it was a cursed item. As far as I can tell, it was meant to drag people to another realm, but they somehow grabbed onto the metaphorical doorframe and it was the doorframe that lost the tug of war.”


He sighs, taking a bit of a drink. “I was assigned it because I’m the strongest practitioner in the city who knows anything about realms, but it’s not my skillset. If you handle it, I’ll do you a grace or give you a gift, and consider it your favor done. If you’re unwilling to, that’s fine. I’ll figure it out, and figure out another favor for another day.”






Chapter 6 - Writing Research Notes


You express interest.


“I’ll send you the notes I have. Also, while I’m setting you up to succeed, I should mention Miette owes me a favor too. If you waive the grace part of the deal, I’ll send her with you. Kane was saying there was overlap between dreaming and your Paths. Maybe you can teach something to one another. Exchange resources, information, books, maybe. Maybe you nudge her, keep her out of trouble? She’d find it annoying, but Kane and other council members of note would appreciate it.”


“Another drink?” Edda ventures.


“Don’t nag, girl,” Helm says, as he returns. He dries wet hands on a cloth and tosses it through the doorway behind him. “Give them an ugly glare, instead.”






Chapter 6 - Writing Research Notes


“I’ll go chat with her now, see if we can work well together.”


“Thank you for the drink, Sinclair.”


You take fresh glasses of ale over to the table.


“This would be the interesting new practitioner in town,” Miette says.


“That used to be me. I was the fuckup,” Oscar says. “I’m not always in town, so I think the ‘new guy’ label stuck to me for a while. Oh, is that for me?”


You give them the drinks.


“Yes, drink,” Miette says, groping for it with an exaggerated gesture. She seems to be slightly drunk already. She’s got some papers next to her that she’s pushed aside. “I always eat and smoke when I drink, and then I get gross. It’s become this grotesque cycle, if you two girls think watching your weight is hard, try fixing things when it’s your astral body and self image that warp.”


Clover, drinking a glass of milk, and Penny, drinking water, glance at one another.


“Technically we are self image and spirit, physical,” Penny says.


“Then go fuck yourselves, you look too cute.”


“Perhaps you shouldn’t drink, if it sets off this cycle?” Oscar asks. “With the dire end result of you having to steal a body to get back in shape? You’ll become an ale hag at this rate.”


“But I like drink,” Miette says. She glances at you. “Don’t worry. I only take bodies from the prettiest, youngest, most unrepentant of bitches, with the worst karma. Do you know how badly an Innocent has to fuck up to have karma on the level I’m talking about? I thought I sensed one a month or two ago, but it was a very pretty boy, hurting a girl who was the very opposite of the type I hunt.”


“I knew her,” Penny says, visibly saddened. “It’s so very sad.”


“I’d steal his body and teach him a lesson, but his dreams were dark, and having a pecker makes my soul uncomfortable,” Miette says. She raises fingers for Edda, then touches her mouth. Edda steps into the back, bringing a plate with her.






Chapter 6 - Visiting the Crooked Bar


“Speaking of that kid, he and his group are after us, and we could use some additional tricks.”


“I heard,” Oscar says. “About them being after you. The howl from the one caught my attention. It spread a lot of negative energy out, like a curse. If that’s his trick, it’s a good one. I’m not sure what trick you could learn that would help with that. He can hang back, howl, gather himself, howl again, repeat. You’d want a practice to close the distance, not one to fight. You’d want to turn to someone who studies realms, for the best movement tricks. Post, maybe? Or…?”


He looks at Miette.


“Nah. I learned what I had to, to dream-stalk, but I haven’t learned anything too fancy.”


“We can teach combat tricks. Me more than Miette.”


“I’m crap at that too,” Miette volunteers.


“Mine emphasize stealing from the enemy. Take their weapon, their kit. With enough skill, steal a practice or power… kind of. Copying, while taking the power out of them using it. I have other tricks, but I’d rather keep them up my sleeve in case you end up being my enemy,” Oscar says. “Delreal could teach you things about elemental runes. You know those?”


You confirm you do.


“Make them cheaper, maybe. Or expand on them, give you something reliable to draw on, instead of the old ‘have to draw a rune and then use it’ loop. Lynch actually doesn’t like fighting. But he won’t admit that. He’s a trapper, and he’ll look to fight on his behalf. A few tools there, but they hurt to use.”






Chapter 6 - Writing Research Notes


“Speaking of that kid, he and his group are after us, and we could use some additional tricks.”


“I nominate Lorraine, bosom friend!” Miette proclaims, toasting empty air with her drink. “Tart of my heart.”


“I can’t picture ‘Raine teaching much,” Oscar says. “She turns into a giant snake. And taps the power of a dark god. What’s she going to teach you? Turning into a snake as a beginner lesson? What’s the stepping stone to get there?”


“It’s a good strategy,” Miette defends her friend. “What are you going to do? You get eaten whole.”


“She might ask you to make deals with the idea of serving her power. Or sacrifice you on an obsidian altar or something,” Oscar says.


“She’d never do that to me,” Miette says.


“Sinclair, I meant.”


“Oh, maybe.”


“Tomlinson’s a mess. There are a couple of others, but you’d need things. Gerald could help, but you’d want a strong magic item to start from. Ronnie, you’d need a weapon with some history. Careful with those two when doing your favors for people. If they’re around, they’re usually up to something.”


“Favor,” Miette says. “Would you take me to bed, Sinclair Sinclair? No strings attached, but the string the Lord put there. Have a bit of fun, you count it as a favor done.”


“Come now, Miette. You said I should rein you in when you get like this.”


“This body has such needs, Oscar. It’s no wonder the owner turned out to be such a cunthole, with the recipe of religiosity and repression, and this appetite. Like an unsexed sixty year old mother superior, so rigid, so bitter, but she was nineteen. Took it out on children.”


“Sorry about this.”


“Fuck, I said I’d get these notes done, and I haven’t. I’m going to get gainsaid. I’ll have to wake up early to scribble something together for my correspondent. Fellow body thief, bosom friend.”


“You have a lot of those,” Oscar says. To you, he says, “I should see her home. I’ll come back late to mind the table, if you want to keep talking. Unless you have something quick?”






Chapter 6 - Visiting the Crooked Bar


"There is something I wanted to discuss with Miette, but it looks like now is not a good time. Is there a good way for me to contact her later other than waiting at the Crooked Bar? What about Delreal?"


“I can give you their phone numbers, if you’ll swear not to act in a way that sends them to me, angry that I did. No frivolous offers, begging, or harassment, be ready to pay for the lessons. You’ll want to anticipate two or so, unless you’re a quick study or you know some principles already,” Oscar says, as he gathers the papers from Miette’s project. Presumably they’re what she was using to while away the time while sitting at the table. “I’ll be back in, I’m guessing it’ll be a little under an hour, if you have anything pressing.”


It seems Post has left. There’s some of the younger people, or you could take the opportunity- and the table, really, to do as Miette did, and get some work done.


Oscar’s mention of knowing the right principles refers to Clues. Getting tutoring may involve a series of actions, like rolling die or drawing clues, with the idea of getting a sense of things, not dissimilar to how they’re outlined in a Research Paper. The difference is it’s practical and someone’s providing guidance in person, rather than in text.






Chapter 6 - Late evening at the Crooked Bar


You devote a bit of time to finalizing your first research paper, and talk briefly with Penny and Clover.


“I really like the tea chair,” Penny says. “You can sit in it, you can curl up in it, and you can have ready to pour tea.”


“I like the other one okay, I guess,” Clover says. “It’s daring. Sorta wish I got one that suits me.”


The younger crowd has filtered out, and an older crowd of rougher laborers is being a bit rowdy in the corner. A couple make crude comments and propositions to Edda, before calling for drinks, but it’s Helm who brings over the bottles, giving them the same disapproving glare he’d talked about before.


Oscar returns, wincing a bit as he sees you.


“I didn’t mean for you to be manning the table. That has troubling implications, if you accept work and it’s seen to be on our behalf. Something to avoid, next time. Anyhow. Anything you need?








Chapter 6 - Late evening at the Crooked Bar


“How would we go about trading magic items?”


“If you know what they do, that’s one thing. There isn’t a huge market for the items of another practice, unless they’re very good. You might expect the pay to be pretty low for minor items. Let me see... I’ll have to explain what these do, and try to give you a sense of their value relative to one another...”




0
Fragment of Fortune
A scrap of someone’s stolen Fortune, which holds some residual energy and benefit.


Consumable: Either increases all even numbered ones column numbers to the next odd number this downtime action, or sees you earn 10 to 30 cents the next time you could earn money. Your karma is lowered by 1-3.




1
Red Eye Glint


A spark of something malign, which can be placed in one’s eye, so that it has something red to it if someone sees you in the dark.


Equipment: Top left row only. If a foe is weaker than you, your first draw in combat gives you +2 cards. Fear and shock effects on your foes have a 50% chance to last another round.




3
Greedish Catch
A left glove with a gold-adjacent metal in roughly the shape of a hand, lightly armoring the back.


Equipment: You catch the first non-projectile ranged attack coming your way each encounter. If this effect hasn’t been spent and you steal, also steal something of a tier lower. Grants: [Strike it Rich]




“Items like the first don’t tend to be worth anything. Some exceptions. That one’s a bad example, it’s worth some straight money, but nobody’s going to jump to buy it for more. Second item, maybe worth a dollar. Third item, two or three dollars? Gotta factor in that it’s not a very ripe market, I could sell to Miette, maybe, but if I sold this to you, I don’t think you would pay me more than half what I just said. It doesn’t synergize with your practice, your practice doesn’t work that well with mine. Then you figure... well, if we don’t know you, which we don’t, then there’s another asking price- I wouldn’t sell you my glove here because if you get up to trouble with it, I might get the finger. So... I end up asking you for four or five dollars.”






For clarity, he's shown you some items and listed their value...


Value        Sells For
0        Doesn’t sell
1        .50 to $1
2        $1-2?
3        $2-3


With you getting half the profit (or double the asking price) depending on your relationship with the other person, or your history with the seller in general.


He puts his items away. “The exception is the stuff that overlaps. Miette brought something back from the realm of dreams that had a bit of Worship in it. That’s very useful to someone like Lorraine. So if you bought back something, identified it as fitting a certain field of practice, and found someone who wants to make something, that’d hold value. I’d even go so far as to say it’s the route to go, if it’s not one for one or two for one barter.”






Chapter 6 - Late evening at the Crooked Bar


“Ask what it was like when he was ‘the new kid on the block’. Advice on pitfalls to avoid, good people or resources to look out for, exchange stories”


“This is a better place than some. The Lord is reasonable, the council is fairly balanced, the neighbors aren’t too bad. A lot of the time, when they hammer out a place like this, they shift footing, then start pushing practices like mine or Miette’s out, to keep what they’ve built. In my opinion, that backfires. You filter for darker practitioners who are better at hiding, or for stronger ones, who you can’t push out. And there’s no balance. At least this way, if Miette acts up, I can tell her to smarten up. Maybe Lorraine does the same to me. None of us want to upset what we’ve built.”


“You’re an odd bird, because your intent is good, but darker stuff follows after you. As I see it, that makes you a practitioner of the darker arts, in a roundabout way. Which means you should find your rhythm and help keep us honest, while we do the same for you. Because if Miette and Lorraine cross a line, I’m betting you’ll be included in the crackdown and shift that follows. So come by. Talk to people. Drink. That’s where you can exchange stories.”


“Resources, hm. The younger people who were in here earlier? They walk the line of knowing what’s new, what’s unusual, having some willingness to dip their toes into shady business, without crossing lines. Plus, just saying, they’re about your age, so... friends. Relationships. Hm. I heard you met the spirit speaker. Good. Don’t forget, if you’re stuck on something, or you want backup, if you’ve got items or resources of interest, other practitioners aren’t just for teaching you practice. You can hire them or push for favors. Auntie O’s a good Other to talk to if you want to dig for old knowledge. That’s why Kane keeps her close and keeps her happy. Crossways... let’s call him a good Other to know if you’re digging into more complex stuff, but he requires a complex skillset to deal with.”


He smirks.


“It’s a rapacious practitioner thing, to hear a question about resources, and think people.”


“Last call,” Helm calls out. Leaving you room for another question or two- depending on how brief they are.






How do you spend your downtime?
6.i.4.a Explore a location known to you.


6.i.4.b Shopping to go see what’s available in stores (or call the Gadsens to buy a book from them)


6.i.4.e Reading, reading a book to make some headway. You’re best at reading Paths and Scrivening texts.


6.i.4.f Surveil, stalking and watching a person, place, or thing, or spend a while observing and interacting with a thing.


6.i.4.g Investigate, reading, making calls, and doing background research to tackle the mysteries and hand, for a safe but sure way to build up your knowledge about the puzzles before you.


6.i.4.h Utilize Intelligence - This works differently now, and is more focused on making guesses and managing your growing collection of clues.


6.i.4.i Do two different Half Actions to fill one downtime slot:


Basic First Aid - Heal a heart.
Light Relaxation - Heal a morale
Light Socialization - Spend time with someone, observations & maintenance on a relationship. Or go on a date.
Maintenance - Clean your home/workspace, check wards and do general upkeep.
Skim Read - Lightly peruse some material for a 1d3 reading roll.
Work - Earn some money (see your Assets page for how much).






%roll 1d6+2
[2] + 2 = 4






Chapter 6 - Half Actions


You earn four dollars for your time at the cannery, where Briar is organizing some of the union work - the same reubenesque young woman you saw at the fair, and have seen around the workplace.


After hours, Briar approaches you to ask about the union. She says they’re fighting to reach the fifty one percent mark for the petition - if they can’t get that many, they figure they won’t get a majority of the workers on their side when it comes time to an official vote. Though she really wants closer to sixty or seventy percent, because she’s worried there are false sign-ups from people who’ve accepted generous terms from the boss. Your signature would matter a lot.


And, she says, she’s hoping you’ll pledge to strike, if things fall through. Briar is an orphan, oldest sister of four, with three kids to take care of on the cannery salary. Even getting half of what the union would be pushing for would make a big difference.


If you do strike, you’ll likely be unpaid, and you’ll need to cover your twenty five dollars a month at the boarding house yourself, or roughly $8/downtime.






In your room, you summon the Dogwood Witch into a prepared circle.


“What’s the current state of the pound?”


“Very doggish. Very canine,” she says. “Lots of pounding. Violent. The ribbon girl ran away soon after you did. I sold three things.”


“What do you want?”


“More dogs. I want to surround myself with dogs. I’ll make other dogs my dogs, and make things that aren’t dogs into dogs, and smash them into chunks I can turn into dogs, if I can’t. And it will be magical, because I’m a witch. Ta dah.” She’s largely expressionless and atonal as she says it all.


“What about rabbits?” Clover asks.


“I like their floppy ears. Like some dogs have.”


Clover nods like this is very sensible. Penny asks, “And fish?”


“Their tails sort of wag when they swim, and swimming makes them happy, I suspect.”


“Swimming does make me happy,” Penny says, beaming. “Very good.”






Chapter 6 - Half Actions


Can we give you stuff to sell, and you give us some of the profits?


“But why would you have to? I get enough items to sell from the other Lost,” the Dogwood Witch asks.


“Because we want money too,” Penny suggests.


It dawns on you, after a few exchanges, the Dogwood Witch has a bit of difficulty grasping the needs and wants of those beyond herself.


“No,” Clover says, “We give you stuff.”


“Yes. Not very important, but sure,” the Dogwood Witch says, after being convinced that if she has more stuff, she can sell the best of it, for more money. Which gets her more dogs and things for dogs.


“Then you sell stuff,” Penny says.


“I’ve been told I do a very good job, some of the time.”


“Then you give us a share of the money.”


“Or,” the Dogwood Witch says. “I keep money” A dog at her feet yaps, wail wagging excitedly.


“But if you give us money,” Clover says, “we’re incentivized to give you more stuff. We both benefit.”


“If I keep money, I am bigger and better and richer. I am a good dog and a witch people say ‘wow’ about, and you should support that.”


“You’re more impressed with yourself than we are,” Clover says. Penny nudges her.






Chapter 6 - Half Actions


“We would rather have money,” Penny says. “Look.”


She gets your Dogfight cap. “Hat.”


“That’s a good hat.”


“But if you don’t give us money, we don’t want to give you the hat. You can imagine how much we want a dog hat,” Penny says.


“True… I’ll give you one.”


“One what?” Clover asks.


“One coin. For one thing.


After some exchanges, it doesn’t seem there’s that much budge in the offer.


“I should go back to my shop,” the Dogwood Witch says. “Are you giving me things?”


“It’s a way to get rid of trash, maybe,” Clover says.


“Not too trashy,” the Witch tells you.


You have the option of giving items to the Dogwood Witch, value 1+, for one Lost coin each, until such a time that she’s released from her binding.






%roll 1d4
[3] = 3






Chapter 6 - Dogwood Sale


For the water pie, you get a singular lost coin.




0
Lost Coin
A painting of a man, free and enjoying himself with little things, while sitting in a prison, all in shades of blue.


Currency: Lost Currency
You’re still figuring this out.




“I should go mind my shop,” the Dogwood Witch says, after investigating her gift of a wood-carved wang. She bangs the summoning circle with her club. “If I don’t go back before too long, they might move my things out.”


You send her home.


You’ve had drinks and time to relax and catch up on things. Your initial research project is done and mailed to Gadsen. Your health and morale restore...


Health: ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥
Morale: +++++++XX




Chapter 6 - Dogwood Sale


For your discussions on knots and realm traversal with Helm and Post (mostly Post), you get...


[Knots I clue] [Realms I clue]


For your discussions with the rapacious practitioners and the principles they hold - so to speak, you get...


[Rapacious I clue] [Rapacious II clue]


For your discussion of unions with Briar, you get...


[Mundane I clue]


For your work with the Dogwood Witch, you get...


[Binding I clue]


The radio playing in the background also provides something. You have a choice of...


[Red I clue] [Order I clue] or [Blue I clue] [Puzzle I clue]


…depending on the programs you listen to, and heal an additional morale.


Morale: ++++++++X


You’ve also generated some mess - navigating around the extra furniture in a tight space, having to put things aside instead of putting them away, in the moment, it all adds up. Between the time spent in the space, the crafting, and the summoning of the Dogwood Witch, you’ve got four units of mess. A single maintenance action will remove 1d6.


[Mess: oooo]


As mess accumulates, there’s a chance that actions undertaken at home fail, or that you lose morale. But more than that...






Chapter 6 - Horror


Your hand smudges on a bit of butter on a plate you set on the steep chair, and for a moment, you’re back there. Back with the Wolf, back where bodily fluids and fur are thick beneath your hands and deny you traction, while the unspeakable-


No. You can’t let yourself think of it.


But you cannot escape it either. Your skin crawls, and the accumulated mess begins to disturb you - in the corner of your eye, it’s wolf fur and blood. A crumpled paper moves in the breeze and your instincts, informed by suppressed trauma, tell you it’s a crawling thing.


You won’t tolerate this. You can’t. You’ll lose your mind. You can escape to a Path for now, but you own’t be able to sleep easy or be comfortable in your own space if this carries on.






OBSESSIVELY CLEAN (Minor)


If there's any mess at all, you stand to lose morale at the end of downtime. Further, being messed up, caked in mud, vomited on, spattered, or otherwise xmade messy, you must choose to either be stunned, and immediately take the time to clean yourself off as best you can, or otherweise lose 1 morale when it happens, with a 16% chance per instance after the first, for that type of mess.


On the upside, when you clean a space, you clean +1 instance of mess.






%roll 3d3
[2] [1] [2] = 5


%roll 1d3
[2] = 2


%roll 4d2 (Redblack, Orange, Greens of Grimalkin, White, identify type on 2)
"(Redblack, Orange, Greens of Grimalkin, White, identify type on 2)" [2] [2] [2] [1] = 7






Chapter 6 - Finishing Up


Your herbs don’t seem to have grown more under the ribbon glass.


You’ve finished some reading. Naked and Oiled talks about physicality, weight, mass, and positioning, and it inspires certain thoughts in a visceral direction.


[Visceral I clue]


You’ve gained the background: Basic Survival: A 50% chance to identify the loose use of herbs (beneficial, negative). Get +1 supply on long expeditions.


You’ve identified your Redblack herb as something poisonous, but with a beneficial effect attached.


You’ve identified the orange herb as something for use with materials or tools.


You’ve identified the fae Greens of Grimalkin as something environment altering, and/or something that affects other herbs.


You have not identified the white flower.




Final actions, adjustments?
6.i.x.* Anything to do or prepare, in the way of free actions?




Inventory? Equipment?
6.i.y.* What do you bring? What do you equip?




Where to?
6.i.z.* What Path are you headed to? Or will you stay behind?






%roll 1d2 Redwhite
"Redwhite" [1] = 1






███ ███ ███ ███ █████████




SUPPLY: ++++++++++++++


NO PENNY


NO CLOVER


NO PRACTICE


NO COMPANIONS


NO WEAPONS


NO GEAR


NO INVENTORY


NO ARMOR


ONLY DARKNESS






HAVE YOU BEEN HERE BEFORE?


THIS IS NOT WHERE YOU WANTED TO GO


THE DARKNESS BREATHES


HUNGRY


SMELLS LIKE WET DOG


SMELLS LIKE BLOOD








Forward






Open a Wolf 1 clue to orient ourselves in this situation


[Wolf I clue]


This isn't a place the Wolf calls home, but the Wolf's influence is so unmistakable, it has to be a place he visits.


It may be a place he built with his own paws, teeth, and jaws.






A: Look at the pictures
B: Check the other room
C: Hurry on down the hall






B: Check the other room
C: Hurry on down the hall








Aha, it's the latecomer.


…


No. They haven't 'come'. Reminds me of Ava. They're not really here. They didn't choose to come.


Oh, Hugo. Might you actually be getting the hang of this?


I'm not an idiot.


Hee hee.


No.




A: Another Picture.
B: Step into the room
C: Hurry on down the hall






B: Step into the room
B 18






The situation is like Ava, but they remind me of Josef.


Let’s hope that’s where the resemblance ends.




A
B
H
U
P
S
V
T
Z






THE PRINCESS


She's a princess, beautiful, with long hair, and a fine silver tiara. Her dress is white, with decorative silver chains looped around her waist for a belt, to draw it partially closed, and more at the hands and throat.


Her voice is musical, her demeanor casual, as she sits, draped over a sectional sofa with throw pillows beneath her head and shoulders. Her hair is too naturally white, her skin too fine, for her to be anything but a Lost.




Don’t get any ideas, stranger. I’m saving myself for my Prince Charming.




A
B
F
H
U
S
V
T
Z






HUGO


The first time you see him, he's eating biscuits slathered in jam. Something about him tells you that he'll be eating a lot of the other times you see him. He's overweight and greasy, a handprint on his pants where he's wiped them of a prior meal, and he has a wary, challenging look in his eyes - like a dog that's been kicked enough times to know in his bones that another kick is coming.


He doesn't seem very interested in you, beyond the basics.






We’re still missing two, I guess.


And the others, who left already.


Well, yeah.


Obviously.




A
B
F
U
S
V
T
Z






V
Don’t fucking look at me.






Hey. Some of us are trying to fucking relax here, and you’re standing there by the T.V., distracting us.


Easy Veteran.


Easy?


Nevermind. I’m out.




A
B
U
S
V
T
Z






Z 18


Bye. Watch out for the Ogre. And… quite a few others.


Watch out for everyone, really.


Z






A
B






A
B
C
D






There are no hands on the clock face, but there's a countdown in the works in the body of the clock. It's tracking the days and weeks, and this week is close to over. Some of the numbers aren't in a language you've ever seen, making parts of the countdown hard to track.


At the side, on the wall, someone has scrawled: "Jaques: [symbol 1] [symbol 2] [symbol 3] [symbol 4]"


A red piece of cloth is tied to one of the inner pendulums. A Red's Rags, it seems.




B
C
D






You grab the rag from the machinery. It thuds, groans, and adjusts internally, with one indecipherable number changing to another, the pendulums and weights all adjusting to compensate. The rag appears to be part of a glove.


At the side, on the wall, someone has scrawled: "Jaques: [symbol 1] [symbol 2] [symbol 5] [symbol 4]”




Beside the scrawl, letters have been etched into the wood of the wall: "ON LAST DAY"




B
C
D






The photograph has a picture of twenty-one individuals, all as children. You see Hugo there, surly, and the princess, adorable, but with a forced and strained smile, perhaps. The man with the scars is there too, bandaged, bleeding.
Character Information:


[You II clue]


You're here too. You, as a child, a shard of history, that is like a breath of actual oxygen, when you've been unknowingly breathing something else all this time.


Morale: +++++++XX


Names are there, listed on the plaque at the base of the frame:


Ava
Isabella
Hugo.
The Princess
The Veteran
Josef
Sinclair
XXXXX
The Quarry
The Ogre
The Surgeon
Emily
The Noble
The Dancer
The Explorer
The Deceiver
The Kindest
Orlando
XXXXXXXX




C
D




Nmm.
Gmmm
Mmm.
*choke*
*gag*
mm.


What the FUCK are you looking at?


A
B
C
D
E
Z






Mmm.
mm.
*choke.
Nmm.
gmmm


hello


Hugo wasn’t lying.


FUCK!




A
B
C
D
E
F
G
1
2
Q
R
U
Z






Hello. Where am I?


the bed and the breakfast


Um. But.


your not all there for us and your red tinted
they say i look like that sometimes
i only come here when i dream
and i think I live somewhere else because
i sleep at diferent times
you and i are the only ones who've been red


you should be careful
people in this building arent protected if their red tinted
you can get hurt and maybe die
i dont know that last part because i havent
id hurry and leave






mmph.
mmh.




A
B
C
D
E
F
G
1
2
Q
U
Z






How do I leave?


you wake up


I don't think they're alseep. It's different for them.


oh
then im not sure
the number one way to leave is the door upstairs
but thats complicated


I was told once that everything happens for a reason. That's especially true in places like this. So if there's a reason and a way you entered like this, there should be a way to leave.




A
B
C
D
E
F
G
1
2
Q
U
Z






[heightened contrast image of the paintings fading in]






THE QUARRY


He looks like a doll, his features fine, his body faintly mechanical, but someone has done a number on him, gouging his outer shell, scarring it, and fouling the gears, and it makes him move a bit awkwardly, a little hunched over. Still, an easy smile and kind eyes peer past a mop of false hair.


He dresses well, but has removed his shirt, laying it across one knee, while sitting in his seat sideways, for his hand shakes so much from old injuries he'd spill on it otherwise. He seems ready to run.






We still need two, to bring us up to a full count, right?


Yeah.




A
B
C
D
E
F
G
1
2
Q
U
Z






The Wolf is outside, pacing the grounds




they seemed nice
sucks they’re here


A
B
C
D
Z






It’s a girl’s room, with magazines and drawings of fashion littering the floor. The architecture is very different from the rest of the building.




i read this book about the ogre earlier


how did it start?




A
B
C
D
E
F
Z






It’s a very messy room old jump rope, props for magic tricks, magazines, and dime store novels are tucked away, like they were put away to tidy and never brought out again. Food trails from the dining area you’re in to the room, and litters the bed.




the one I found had a prince.


That’s my room.




A
B
C
D






THE RUNAWAY


This Lost looks like a kid, mischief in their eyes, hair long beneath a warm hat, smile perpetual, clothes loose-fitting, light on their feet. They are, you sense, the image a child holds in their mind when they imagine running away from home and it being an adventure.


And they're fast, moving at a clip that their clothes lag in following, so loose sleeves billow and clothes rise up to expose bare belly-button, dust kicking up when they stop in the doorway, to peer inside, grab a bite to eat, ready to move at the next moment.






I don’t remember seeing you in the group photo.


Oh!?


hallo!




A






and she’s gone


He, I think




A






that leaves one before the next round starts.


*crunch*


A Beast.




A
B
C
D
E
F
G
M
Z






A note lying on the floor reads:


I’m n e w


CATCH ME ;)




id like to be the runaways friend


*munch*




A
B
C
D
E
Z






Stairs have disconnected and float in empty space leading down to a place beneath the Bed and the Breakfast. 


Each step would be a risk, a chance of falling. 


Or worse.




A
B
C
D
F
G
Z






A storage closet 
It would take a couple minutes to search through a  space this small and cluttered




A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
Z






The stairs lead back toward the house; there's no other way the room you saw from the outside could connect. They aren't a way off this Path, but you know from what Penny has said about the F.R.T. that falling off the Path could lead to you landing at a random point on a random Path.


It could also lead to you landing on the grounds and being at the Wolf’s mercy.




A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
Z






It's a little girl's room. The walls are light green, the carpet has a few wood chips in it. It looks like she whittled, as crude wooden crafts among the toys. Just a bit messy, in a normal way. The furniture looks like fancy secondhand stuff.


And you cannot enter the space at all. The idea won't settle into your mind.


The window does open, however.


You’re on the second floor.


No Wolf in sight.




F
H
I
Z








Someone's nailed handholds into the outer wall. 


There are light burn marks where the bedroom fused into the rest of the building. 


You can pry away a chunk, but there's a limit to what you can carry.




A
B
C
D
E
Z






It’s been a while since I saw Wolf’s Wood. This could work like a short spear.




A
Z






You’re in a rare position, kid. What do you think this place is?


It’s a fix. A patch. It’s a gooddamn favor.




A
Z




You ungrateful


Little shit.




Safest, slowest
15% chance of slip
30% chance of slip
Z




30% chance of slip




Spend the Visceral I clue
24/4


[Visceral I clue]


A focus on claim, grips, positioning, and moving with confidence. You're neither naked nor oiled, but you can apply some of those ideas.




15% chance of slip




%roll 1d100
[90] = 90






Watch your step. The floor is rotten.




A
B: Sift through Trash
C: Sift through Trash


Barricaded
D: Try to tear down?


N
S






THE SURGEON


A handsome older Lost, if a little gaunt, no eyes in the sockets, only darkness. The edges of his cheekbones and chin are sharper than is possible for a human. He wears a long coat, and bears medical items on his person, strapped and belted on, or protruding from pockets. It seems he crafts as well, for there are trinkets and things in the pockets that aren't otherwise occupied, carefully sorted so everything is in line, nothing bulging.


He holds his chin a touch high.






Whose room is barricaded?


A predecessor. Once he realized what had happened, he barricaded himself into the room. We believe he perished outside the Bed and the Breakfast, for we haven't heard a noise since. Some of his things might still be in there. Perhaps a shadow of him. I'm still new to this place myself, classified a Beast. I'm figuring things out.




A
B: Sift through Trash
C: Sift through Trash


Barricaded
D: Try to tear down?


N








You have a curious red tint to you. Ava does too, when she enters by dream, instead of the established way.




A
B
C: Sift through Trash
D: Sift through Trash
N






A: Sift through Trash 
B: Sift through Trash 
C: Notes and Furniture 
D: The Body 
E: Books & Trash 
F: Trash & Furniture 
N
Z






The body is rotted, the possessions are not.
His notebook has moldered in the fats rendered out of his body, but some pages are intact. There's nothing you've smelled that's worse, few things sadder.
Morale: ++XXXXXXX


A: Sift through Trash 
B: Sift through Trash 
C: Notes and Furniture 
C: Notes and Furniture 
E: Books & Trash 
F: Trash & Furniture 
N
Z








The Quarry is compromised. They care not if they succeed or fail - they must make sure one of the other participants gets what they're after. I do not know which it is, but it must be a Beast.


The Deceiver is genuinely kind, but prey to their own nature.


Josef may be the most dangerous one here. How long has he stayed?






* Every participant has a secret game they must play as part of this. Is that Jacques' role in this? To handle the game?


Ninth Entry:
I have had a great many talks with the Wolf, through the window. If one comes to prefer the company of Wolves to the company of the others here, it's already over, isn't it?






I know what the nature of this trial is and the Wolf has suggested why she is building it. A work in progress, built out of the pieces of those who have failed the trial. How did she put it? All human relationships are people trying vainly to mesh together, gouging one another with our sharp edges, being gouged in our soft parts. We're to grind ourselves to pieces here. Gristle for the building. Let the Wolf have me.






A: Sift through Trash 
B: Sift through Trash 
C: Notes and Furniture 
D: The Body 
E: Books & Trash 
F: Trash & Furniture 
N
Z






What does it mean to be a Beast anyway? You've called yourself one but you've been a welcome and civil relief, after what I went through outside.


What does it mean to be a hunter? I wonder if it took the seven of us who were most dangerous and assigned us the role.




A: Sift through Trash 
B: Sift through Trash 
C: Notes and Furniture 
C: Notes and Furniture 
E: Books & Trash 
F: Trash & Furniture 
N
Z






%roll 1d3 (Nothing|Note|Asset)
"(Nothing|Note|Asset)" [3] = 3


%roll 1d12
[9] = 9


%roll 1d4
[3] = 3






A toolbox, half-sunken into rotted floorboards, has deep claw marks where it was exposed to the spaces beneath the floorboards.




He was one of the Wise. Not all hunters are. This may be a place where being wise is very dangerous.




A: Sift through Trash 
B: Sift through Trash 
C: Notes and Furniture 
E: Books & Trash 
F: Trash & Furniture 
N
Z






"If you're one of the more dangerous Others, and I'm a 'hunter'...could we make a truce, for this visit of mine? I understand if your role keeps you from doing that, but I'm trying to look for a way out, to wake up like ava does or whatever I have to do."


It's impossible to do harm within the Bed and the Breakfast. The Ogre and Veteran have workarounds, but you do not need to worry about me. The truce is built in.


Ava used to leave by running out into the dark. But she'd have to evade the Wolf every time.




A: Sift through Trash 
B: Sift through Trash 
C: Notes and Furniture 
E: Books & Trash 
F: Trash & Furniture 
N
Z






%roll 1d3 (Nothing|Notes|Asset)
"(Nothing|Notes|Asset)" [3] = 3


%roll 1d12
[7] = 7






There's a framed picture of two children, one in white, the other in red, holding hands. With the way the leaves of the trail frame the picture, the light shining on the footpath resembles a wolf's skull.


You could keep this.




Most pictures in this house are fairly mundane. That one looks like it means something.




A: Sift through Trash 
B: Sift through Trash 
E: Books & Trash 
F: Trash & Furniture 
N
Z






What a shame. Poor Thorne. I hope the smell of him won’t saturate this place, now.


A
A: Sift through Trash
B: Sift through Trash
N
Z






A wall lined with books, a short bookshelf by the bed, and books scattered on various surfaces.


The bed part of the space seems like an afterthought.




A
B
C
D
J
Y
Z






To your right, a changing room. Two torn tutus and ballet shoes with bloody ribbons for straps are at one side, but there are twenty-one hooks, and the one marked 'Sinclair' has a shirt on it.


1
2
3
4
5
6
7
A
B
C
D


A mural 
E:








The shirt is black, the buttons down the front are bone. In the first moment you stroke it, it feels rough, bristly, as if you were petting a wild animal. Then it's smooth, comfortable, and slightly warm, the lack of a heartbeat feels like an omission.


1
2
3
4
5
6
7
A
C
D


A mural 
E:






I: Our newest hunter. welcome. The Runway took the window, they're our seventh Beauty. Still waiting on the seventh Beast. I'm Isabella.


O: G'day. Orlando.


N: You can call me the Noble.


D: The Deceiver


E: Emily.


C: The Dancer.


X: The Explorer.


K: The Kindest.


I: Are you staying? If you wait until our final member comes, you may get stuck for a time. If you want to leave, you and I could talk. I'm curious how much you've pieced together.


N: They're tinted red like Ava. Are you in the nightmare version of the house, stranger?


K: That would imply you've missed something essential, and you're being nudged forward.




A
1
2
3
4
5
6
7






I: Come. Walk with me. I’ll show you to the door.






I: I'm Wise. So is Josef. So, I gather from your attire, are you. This is The Bed and the Breakfast. It is, as far as we can tell, an artificial Path. If you know about it, you're liable to get sent here, and being sent here is... problematic. If you know even the partial extent of why, then you may end up going down the same road as Josef and Thorne... your predecessor.


Have you realized why?




3
4
5
6
7






"My best guess... the Wolf is selecting a candidate for something, and this is his process. I think he's looking for someone who can relate to both Beasts and Beauties and come out intact. Just being here probably means we're already on the short-list, and as long as there's a chance we could be the one I think he'll keep bringing us back until we fit the mold or we break."


I: Maybe we are candidates. I don't know. Some of us are still reading books and compiling information to figure out the intent of all of this.


No, it's simpler, and far more complex. Tell me, do you remember your childhood? Your family? Your history? Your future- beyond what you've built since... weeks or months ago, I'd guess, for you?




4
5
6
7






"I just remember a childhood friend from the Dreaming Reaches. Otherwise, no."




I: The Lost of the Bed and the Breakfast are ours. Us. Pieces of us taken out and given life, personalities, appearance.




… "I don't know where they are or what they look like. All I know is I can see the movements and hear the whispers of the shadows your spirits cast. There are either a lot of them, or they're strong. More coherent than what I pulled out. And they weren't taken out with a practice like mine. There is more art to it than that. Be careful."...




That's the nature of this game. The best pieces of us, the worst. And I suppose we'll never know for certain which pieces are ours. Sometimes they arrive before us, sometimes later. We leave with two at a time. Whatever the color of the handprints, it doesn't have to be a Beauty, a Hunter, and a Beast. At set times, a party is thrown, and someone makes theirs permanent.


There's a lot more to it. Everyone has a trick they can play, or certain knowledge. You might want to use your time carrying the Lost to figure out their nuances and secrets. Because once things are sealed, those become your nuances and secrets.


Telling someone of this place subjects them to... this. Obliterates who they were. Leaves them to pick up, fight for the pieces. Tell too many, making the guest list too long, you and they get fed to the Wolf.


If you want to go, pick two. All I ask in exchange for this knowledge is that you don't take the Dancer or the Princess.


Any questions?


Or do you want to pick? We can call for them or gather them.




1
2
3
4
5
6
7






When do you expect the final Beast to arrive? Do we have time to talk with some of the Lost before our pick?


I: Could be in five seconds, could be tomorrow. I wouldn't dally if I wanted out anytime soon.


"Do we have a room? Is there a purpose to the rooms?"


I: I imagine so, but there are always oddities. Ava came in by dream until someone taught her the basic ritual. Her room crashed right into the middle of a hallway. So you have to use the handholds or the secret stairwell to navigate. I could picture someone coming without a room, or with a special room.


Mostly, I think it makes it easy to stay when and if you need to. Not everyone shows up every visit. Today I think more showed because of the party, and we knew there'd be an influx, after Thom.






You left out a few key details.


I did.


Not very kind.


I never professed to be. I got them out of the way, didn’t I?






Once upon a time, there was a child named Sinclair.
They were very bright, and very clever, but they were so clever that they outsmarted themselves.


And so they got away without doing much in school.
And so they got away without doing their chores.
And so they got away without making many friends.


Even exasperated, their teachers thought them charming
Even frustrated, their parents loved them dearly.
Even baffled, their peers thought them fun.








But even so, they moved away by such strange courses
that they could only make a far-away, runaway friend.
Who told them of far-away places and runaway magic.


I would like to be a doctor, they thought, or to do
something that requires skill like mine. My hands are
nimble, my mind is like a steel trap. I'll find a way, away.


I know of secret things and strange ways, don't I?
Who knows of stranger ways and odder angles than me?
I'll pursue these dreams, who better than my clever self?






Then Sinclair turned, and they saw how far they'd come.
As far as they'd gotten, the way back was twice as far.
Try as they might, there was no way to make it in time.


So Sinclair pursued their craft alone, in ways not very charming.
Nimble fingers used a scalpel, in ways not lovely or dear.
They applied their steel trap mind, in ways not very fun.








Chapter 6.5 - The Bed and the Breakfast




You were an imp of a child, too smart for your own good, and by the time you realized you needed to smarten up and get better grades to do anything of note, you’d missed your chance. The whimsy faded away. Disconnected from peers, you lapsed into a dark place. When you applied to train as a medic at the tail end of the war, nobody suspected your skill came from cutting up animals you’d trapped. You used your speed and facility to do quite well before being sent home. You presented as arrogant, and have made few friends. In your isolation, you thought back to your childhood friend, dug up old notes, and realized they were real after all. From there, you found the Forest Ribbon Trail.


This jars somewhat with the Sinclair you’ve portrayed to date. Your maximum morale is lowered, and you may lose morale if the dissonance persists or is provoked.






Your baseline capabilities have changed.


Increased Dexterity, Knowledge, and Athletics. Worse Social and Wits.


Certain actions you undertake will get bonuses or maluses, or options may be improved, expanded, worsened, or reduced. Expect benefits for crafting, reading, research, surveillance, and exploration. Social interaction, alertness, and reaction may change.


You have gained Medical skill. Healing is improved, baseline, when you give medical care, you roll twice and take the better result.


You have gained Sprinting skill. When chasing, pursuing, or running away, you can cover more ground. There’s a chance you can bypass a fight waiting for you in a node.


You have gained some facility with Traps. You can craft them with a dollar of components, and readily spot and disarm them, despite not being very alert otherwise.






You’ve gained the following modifiers:


Always a Chance - You can slip out of bad situations more readily, incurring a debt to the future. Some 100% kill situations now afford you a chance to escape or turn the tables.


Calcified - You burned a lot of early potential getting this far. You have more stat modifiers and skills, but your rate of growth in skills, boons, and other expansions of your potential are slower.




Bane Surgery - Your banes all have an added modifiers and/or complication, reflecting your new nature.


Fostering - You can’t help but expect more of those in your charge. You hurt their morale and your relationship with them in exchange for drawing out more of them. This has a chance to calcify them, as described above. There is an additional complication, yet unknown, that you may discover with time.


Unrestrained Creativity - There is an additional complication, yet unknown, that may come up if it is triggered.


Obsessively Clean - There is an additional complication, yet unknown, that may come up if it is triggered.


Chased by Little Wolves - There is an additional complication, yet unknown, that may come up.






[POUND, 4TH VISIT]






Chapter 7 - The Pound, after a bad dream


You emerge from the darkness to clamor and calamity. The woofing of dogs, the smell of animals, of oiled steel, and that stale sweat smell of gyms and locker rooms. The world around you feels like an outfit of clothing that doesn’t fit quite right. But you’re sane, healthy.


Health: ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥
Morale: +++++++


Clover looks over at you, giving you a long, odd look. It seems no time has passed for her, between entering the diagram and reaching the Pound.


Penny does a full-body shiver. “What was that? Felt like an adjustment to a weird Path, but it’s…”


She glances at you.


“Oh.”


“Clock’s running,” Clover says. “I’d love to figure out what just happened, but maybe we should run this, handle it, before more Little Wolf shenanigans?”


“Or bail,” Penny says.






What next?


6.1.★ Say something, plan something.
6.1.a-e, g, h, k, l Go to the node in question.
6.1.f Go to where the adult Lost are trading tips about the upcoming fight.
6.1.i Go to the vantage point for betting on the upcoming fight.
6.1.m Go to the other vantage point for betting on the upcoming fight.
6.1.x Go to the arena to participate in a fight.
6.1.z Leave The Pound and go home.












%roll 1d100
[51] = 51


(The glamour remains, in smaller quantity.)


%roll 1d2 (The glammer hamour breaks under scrutiny on a 1)
"(The glammer hamour breaks under scrutiny on a 1)" [2] = 2






Chapter 7 - The Pound, Entrance


The snail cart isn’t in view. There’s a chance things are disrupted by your detour, and a chance that the locking of the door behind you is random enough it happens or doesn’t happen even on different visits of a Path like this.


“Yes, let’s hurry. But know that even though I’ve changed, I still love you both and I’m still willing to work to be my best self.”


“You were a pretty good self before,” Penny says.


“You smell like Wolves,” Clover says. “Be careful. Whatever happened, don’t let yourself think it’s good or easy, because that smell means it isn’t.”






What next?


7.1.* Say something, plan something.
7.1.a-e, g, h, k, l Return to the node in question.
7.1.? Go to the Dogwood Witch’s shop.
7.1.f Go to where the adult Lost are trading tips about the upcoming fight.
7.1.i Go to the vantage point for betting on the upcoming fight.
7.1.m Go to the other vantage point for betting on the upcoming fight.
7.1.x Go to the arena to participate in a fight.
7.1.z Leave The Pound and go home.






Chapter 7 - The Pound, Insider Trading


Several Lost are discussing the upcoming fight. They go silent as you approach.


“If you want some, you gotta give some. Strengths, weaknesses. What do you think of the other combatants? Give some good info, we’ll give you some on another - two others!”


In the background, you can see that the snail cart has arrived, pulling up and blocking the entrance.


What next?


7.1.* Make an offer.
7.1.a-h, k-l, p Return to the node in question.
7.1.? Go to the Dogwood Witch’s shop.
7.1.i Go to the vantage point for betting on the upcoming fight.
7.1.m Go to the other vantage point for betting on the upcoming fight.
7.1.x Go to the arena to participate in a fight.








Chapter 7 - The Pound, Insider Trading


“A weakness? The flower sniffer offers her plants to her opponents, to be used by either them or her. If you’re familiar with herblore, you can take a helpful plant for yourself or force her to use a harmful one. As for a strength, I wouldn’t want to be caught between those shears. A grazing hit would hurt, but to be caught between them and snipped like a flower readied for a vase? You’d have to be made of seriously sturdy stuff to endure that well.”


“Pshh, that’s all stuff we can tell from the stands. What about that Sinclair Sinclair?”


What next?


7.1.★ Nominate some information.
7.1.a-h, k-l, p Return to the node in question.
7.1.ĵ Go on to a spot where merchandise is being traded for among fans.
7.1.? Go to the Dogwood Witch’s shop.
7.1.ï Go to the vantage point for betting on the upcoming fight.
7.1.m Go to the other vantage point for betting on the upcoming fight.
7.1.x Go to the arena to participate in a fight.








Chapter 7 - The Pound, Swap Meet


You leave the discussion behind, without giving away your secrets.


At a place behind a post that blocks the view, some fans have organized a swap meet, using tables and some stacked up boxes to hold their goods.




5
Swordpoint Axe
Bearing a motif of spades and swords, this axe’s blade and handle wrap are pitch black.


Equip: Weapon, attacks hit both lane above and lane below.
[Draw Axe]
[Spade Blade Divide]
[Axe Blade Cleave]
[Fan Blade]
Counts as an Axe, Sword, and Spade item.




6
Noonday Mask
A mask favored by Lost of a certain area focused on days, time, or the sun, sun centered.


Equip: While worn, combat cards played in the middlemost slot of the round (two middlemost if tied) also have two fitting pips pointing up. If you’ve already played a sun card or sun modified card, also gains those benefits.




4
Cat Sweater
A tight-fitting black sweater that changes to different colors, fits, and patterns when turned inside out, all inspired by cat coats.


Equip: Worn in middle-right slot. Converts one defense card into an evade card (worst card first) per Cat item equipped. Grants stealth skill, -1 max hp, -1 supply, and: [Leap Away]




But the prices are unusual. Respectively, they want…




5 Points of…


Something heart related (2)
Something club related (2)
Something diamond related (2)
Something cup related (2)
A hammer (2)
A card (1)
Two coins (1)
A paper (1)
An herb (1)
A gear (1)




6 Points of…


Something moon related (2)
Something star related (2)
Something earth related (2)
Something gun related (2)
A pair of glasses (2)
A gear (1)
A navigation item (1)
A feather (1)
Three coins (1)
A key (1)




4 Points of…


Something bird related (2)
Something mouse related (2)
Something milk related (2)
Something green (2)
A shirt or vest (2)
A curio (2)
Two lost coins (1)
A piece of trash (1)
A resource (1)
A food item (1)




It looks like you have to buy something first, before you can offer something and potentially ask for the red ticket. Items that cover more than one category have the cumulative points of those categories.






Chapter 7 - The Pound, Swap Meet


“Ah, you’re new to the Paths, are you?” one Lost addresses you as you put forward your offers. “No hearts are clear on this Six of Maidens card, and the realms card… too broad. You might as well say the realms have a cat, mouse, and milk in them as well.”


“The offer for the Cat Sweater is good,” one says, taking the offer.




4
Cat Sweater
A tight-fitting black sweater that changes to different colors, fits, and patterns when turned inside out, all inspired by cat coats.


Equip: Worn in middle-right slot. Converts one defense card into an evade card (worst card first) per Cat item equipped. Grants stealth skill, -1 max hp, -1 supply, and: [Leap Away]




“It would have been nice to have this when that jacket was in the store. Gives you one item in a store for free, at the cost of bankrupting you otherwise. If there’s no store, it makes one.”






Chapter 7 - The Pound, Swap Meet


The binding circle forms, scrivening practice helping to draw it, and the Dogwood Witch emerges.


“That was a long way to go for a very short trip,” she says, looking over at her shop, which is just below the higher stands. She cranes her head. “Someone clean the roof of my shop, or I’ll start clubbing people.”


“I’ll clean it,” a bystander says.


“We want you to clubbify something for us,” Penny tells the Dogwood Witch.


“Wait, wait, wait,” one of the sellers says. “Will it stay clubsy?”


“It won’t be clubbish after you leave her presence,” Penny admits.


“It has to be club-esque later,” the seller insists. “Or sufficiently club-ese.”


“Club-ese is ese-ier,” Penny says, nodding.


“Or are you intending to offer her to us as the clubbian thing? Because that gets messy.”


“And more ethically questionable,” Clover comments. “We don’t know how she’ll be treated.”


“I’m doglike, I’m okay with being owned,” the Dogwood Witch says.


“Okay, but if you’re more doggy then that means you’re less clubby, so we don’t want to lean too hard in that direction,” the seller says.






Chapter 7 - The Pound, Swap Meet


Use the Daub of Black Spring Flower Glamour to conjure a hammer with club theming, spending a Fairy I Clue and getting assistance/advice from the DWW?


You fashion a hammer that fits the style. (No need for a clue/help)


“I think this should count for half, at most, practitioner. It seems fragile, and not terribly real. Can it even be used as a hammer?”


The glamour begins to flake under the scrutiny. You could choose to push it, but there’s a chance it doesn’t hold up.








Chapter 7 - The Pound, Swap Meet


They take the glamour hammer, the six of maidens, two coins, and the orange herb, and give you the Swordpoint Axe.




5
Swordpoint Axe
Bearing a motif of spades and swords, this axe’s blade and handle wrap are pitch black.


Equip: Weapon, attacks hit both lane above and lane below.
[Draw Axe]
[Spade Blade Divide]
[Axe Blade Cleave]
[Fan Blade]
Counts as an Axe, Sword, and Spade item.




“You have anything for sale? Mostly we’re looking for things one step away from being a Pound item. This goes smoothest if you follow the selling convention when you ask.”


Off in the distance, at the highest point of the Pound, a Little Wolf has appeared at the exit gate, and starts moving.






[ANOTHER HORRIBLE TERRIBLE ROUND OF COMBAT]




(Pick your card play)


%roll 1d2
[1] = 1


%roll 1d4
[2] = 2
 
 
Dogwood Witch takes 3 (from sky blue).  Deals 1. 
Pick your next two card plays.


(Distance?)


%roll 1d2
[1] = 1


%roll 1d4
[3] = 3


%roll 1d4-1
[4] - 1 = 3
 
Chess Kid pushes Mauve past you.
Dog nips Mauve and moves forward.
Mauve has to skip because of turn order (if they could play that card, they could play against you and you couldn't do anything about it)
Dogwood's hit on Sky won't process until we know what the sideways card will look like.
 
(Kidding)
(It just deals damage)
 
 
Top to bottom.  Sky combines Club with Dogs Dogs Dogs!


%roll 1d6-3
[4] - 3 = 1


%roll 1d4
[3] = 3


%roll 1d4
[3] = 3


Sky summons two dogs.  Hits & injures Mint.
DWW takes 2 from the left-right hit from Sky.  Deals 1 back.
Dog attacks Mauve, is blocked.  Moves on...


%roll 1d4-1
[4] - 1 = 3


You have two hits to allocate from uppercut.


(no)


Mauve takes 1 and is stunned.
Chess shields the incoming right attack.  One of Chess' attacks goes through from the white card.  Three are blocked from the black.






Chapter 7 - The Pound, Dogfight with Kids


The kids are fended off for the time being, though the Dogwood Witch’s dogs have spread out some, and there are more controlled by the kid with a mirror-sheen spade held over part of their face, to the Dogwood Witch’s delight. She’s able to hold them off for the moment, alone.


The Lost have returned.




1
Clock-knotwork Camelid
This wooden wind-up toy features a long-necked ur-camelid. It’s allegedly part of a complex clockwork, and moves 1 foot 20-24 hours after being wound up.


Equipment: Trinket, can be equipped in any slot. After being equipped from start to finish across 80 expeditions, grants an uncommon Paths consumable. Interacts with other clockwork.




0
Paper Airplane
These papers with intricate diagrams and maps of clouds have been folded into a paper airplane.


Use: Otherwise, can be spent at any time for a related clue. If used in relation to something tied to the sky, birds, flying, or falling, grants a basic hint in addition to the clues.




They seem very pleased, and there’s even light applause at the fact they were able to come up with something for the riddle.


You don’t have much time before your pursuers recover.






Chapter 7 - The Pound, Dogfight with Kids


“A delay llama? Impressive! (show genuine interest in the clockwork camel, as a little craft) As a bonus, if you throw in that red ticket, I can offer you a card bearing the King of Messages, to complement your paper airplane in trade.”


“Not the sort of wing that beats, but I’ll take that offer.”


There’s a few hurried trades, because the one who brought the delay llama wasn’t the one with the red ticket, and they provide the items.


You have the third ticket.






Chapter 7 - The Pound, Betting Point


You pass into the betting area. With the ongoing fight of children on your heels and the Little Wolf ahead, standing on a ledge with a parasol in hand, the wind picking up around her, you may not be inclined to strike a bet.


If you are, some are betting pieces of gear they say the Top Dog would like, and those who participate are getting first dibs on using the arena stuff to mess with the contestants.






What next?


7.1.* Approach the betting table. Let the Little Wolf come, if she dares.
7.1.a-h, j-l, p Return to the node in question.
7.1.İ Head to the far vantage point for betting on the upcoming fight.
7.1.? Cut back to the Dogwood Witch’s shop.
7.1.x Go to the arena to participate in a fight.






Chapter 7 - The Pound, Betting Point


Open the Paper Airplane for a Falling clue, attempting to gain a hint about how best to interfere with her descent (Expound? Attributing Brick?)


Movement is a tricky thing on the Paths. It came up briefly in conversation with Penny and Clover around the chair you tried to bring with you to the Pound. Even simple flying can be thrown for a loop, as can long distance weapons and other (non-Path) movement practices, causing things to get swept up by unseen currents or forces as they enter, fly through, or fall through open spaces, and get carried off trajectory... or off-Path. The wind gathering around her is likely an item or practice setting up the route in question.


Interfering with this might work, but if it’s a boon item like your Axe Coin, or something Paths based, it might have more ‘stick’ to it, with less of the result you want. You get a new clue:


[Falling I clue]






Chapter 7 - The Pound, Betting Point


The Little Wolf’s nose is straight and sharp, her expression equally sharp - to a point of seeming like perpetual disgust, and her eyebrows are thick, but her style of dress and overall presentation lean toward the girlish and elegant, as if she were prepared to attend an outdoor tea party with important people. She wears a sunhat with a red band that matches her parasol, her blonde hair is the sort of thick and voluminous that gives the impression it might’ve been curled with dozens of rollers, but is simply wavy and teased, and she wears a white dress that flutters madly around her legs as she sails directly toward you. A red belt matches the band on her hat- and belt, hat, cuffs, shoes, and parasol all have fresh poppy flowers that shed continuous petals.


There’s no avoiding her - you took your shot at sending her off course, but luck seems to have favored her.






[hand: Plant Feet, Axe Coin, [hit U shield U], Wide Kick, Savage Press, old friend’s suits boon, Uppercut]




SAVAGE PRESS


Discard an attack still in your card pool (favoring low quality ones), copy its pips. If this hits, return it & opposing cards to hands. Foe draws a card.




[combat: Poppy plays an umbrella card [hits UL, ???]]




Preview: 
[hand: Uppercut, Savage Press, Corner Fighting, [hit U shield U], Axe Coin, [hit D shield R], Plant Feet]




%roll 1d2
[1] = 1


%roll 1d2
[2] = 2


%roll 1d4
[4] = 4




[combat: we play Savage Press [hits D shield R], Axe Coin


Coin in third space on Poppy’s side, hits LLL, need-to-hit L]




Chapter 7 - The Pound, Betting Point


Poppy’s hair and clothes flutter as the effect of the wood hollow sinks into her. She shakes her head, keeping her hat in place, taking stock for only a brief moment before resuming the fight.




%roll 1d3
[3] = 3


%roll 1d4
[2] = 2




(Your draw after throwing coin)
[Rabbit Assist]




[combat: Poppy plays shield UR, umbrella card [hits DL, ???]


Coin in fifth space on our side, hits RRR, need-to-hit R]






[BACK IN THE TERRIBLE MASSIVE FIGHT, JUST ANOTHER TEXT DUMP]






Orange is free to act, and pushes Chess (Chess can't hit you, as you weren't a valid target at the time the attack was chosen)


The dart is opposed by 3 cards; top left (nonexistent), top middle (stunned), top right (rabbit assist).  Only your rabbit assist has a shield, so it has a 85% chance of hitting.


%roll 1d100 (miss on a 1-15)
"(miss on a 1-15)" [12] = 12


Clover pushes you down out of the way before the dart can land.
Orange, Mauve (partial), Chess (partial), Tiny Pink Dog, and Mint act... 


Chess hits Mauve (can't hit you), pulls you...
Orange's attack resolves and stuns Mauve.
What do you do with rabbit?




(You get two card plays)


%roll 1d2
[1] = 1


%roll 1d4
[2] = 2




(Given rules confusion, I'll let you decide a new coin target.  Allocate wide right?)




Resolving attacks...


Chess gets to deliver two hits to spiked collar.
Spiked Collar delivers the spikesplosion.  Chess ignores.
Mint takes a shot at your ticket.  On a 2, Red's Rags protect...


%roll 1d2
[2] = 2


And you've tucked them in securely with the rag strapping them down.
Round's over, you have opportunity.






Chapter 7 - East Gate


“Keep up, Poppy!”


You laugh as you break away from the group, with Clover and Penny following.


Reaching the gate, you pass the tickets to them, so each of you can put one into the slot in question. The internal mechanisms grind, and the gate swings open. Light from the far side shines all around you, with the sound of the crowd, and it feels like it reaches past skin to deeper parts of you.




Black Suits You


Least Boon: Spades and Clubs suits are now one clue type. Black suits clues can be turned into lost coins or mundane currency, depending on tier, if you do a flourish suitable to a magic trick, with the clue held in mind.




Clue Tier Currency


I: 1 coin or .01/.5/.10/.25 dollars
II: 3 coins or .5/.10/.25/1 dollars
III: 7 coins or .10/.25/1/2 dollars
IV: 12 coins or .25/1/2/★ dollars




This boon interlinks with and combines with other related boons.


This boon comes with the distinct feeling it’s one piece of a greater boon, where the pieces don’t interlink or combine.


The way past the gate is open.






What next?


7.1.a-h, j-m, p Return to the node in question.
7.4.İ Head to the far vantage point for betting on the upcoming fight.
7.4.o Head for the other gate?
7.4.s Go to the space by the gate, where it looks like there’s a gap beneath the stairs you could duck through.
7.4.? Cut back to the Dogwood Witch’s shop.
7.4.x Go to the arena to participate in a fight.






Chapter 7 - Under the Stairs


Stairs lead up to the stands that overlook ring three, and the owner’s box, from which the Top Dog watches over everything. You see some shadowy Lost duck under the stairs and disappear beneath, which leads you to step closer to take a better look.


The space beneath leads to a tunnel, which in turn leads to what looks like a foggy alley, far enough away it’s not part of the Pound. A lot of Lost are there. The lighting, the difference between that place and this Path, it suggests it’s another Path entirely.


“If we go there, we might shake off the Little Wolf, and figure out what we need to do to return to it in the future,” Penny says.


“But it could be new and dangerous, and you’ve been through a lot already,” Clover adds.






Chapter 7 - Chickenhawking


The feather illuminates, and then begins to propel you, shedding feathers with explosive force. You manage to steer it along the course you need, veering closer to the gate in case you lose steam too soon, and bombard Poppy with the feathers. Behind you, they rock the gate, stairs, and stands with explosions.


You find your footing.


Poppy puts a hand out to the gate, leaning on it hard for balance, then turns to look at you. Her footsteps an unsteady walk at first, she begins to follow.






What next?


7.5.a-h, j-m, p Return to the node in question (fighting if you return to P)
7.5.i Go to the other betting platform
7.5.o Go to the other gate.
7.5.x Go to the arena
7.5.z Go to the entrance gate.






[hand: Wide Right, Uppercut, shield UD, shield URDL, Axe Coin, Axe Coin, Fish Assist]




%roll 1d2
[2] = 2


%roll 1d4
[1] = 1




[combat: we play Axe Coin. 


Axe Coin in second slot on Poppy’s side, hits UUU, need-to-hit U]






%roll 1d4
[4] = 4


%roll 1d15
[3] = 3


%roll 2d3
[2] [2] = 4




[hand: Wide Right, Uppercut, shield UD, shield URDL, Fan Blade, Fish Assist, Axe Blade Cleave]






FAN BLADE
[spade in top left]


Rotating from left, attack once per 2 cards in hand. Also defend if card is a suit.




AXE BLADE CLEAVE


Becomes two of three possible cards




[hand: Wide Right, Uppercut, [shield UD], [shield URDL], Fan Blade, Fish Assist, Blade, Cleave]




BLADE
[hits U]


On a hit, gain +1 superadvantage




CLEAVE
[hits RRL]






%roll 1d2
[2] = 2


%roll 1d3
[3] = 3


%roll 1d4
[3] = 3




[combat: Poppy plays umbrella card [hits UU, Sends foe flying to a target node nearby], umbrella card [hits U, Sends foe flying to a target node nearby]


Axe Coin in third slot on Links’ side, under our fourth slot, hits DDDD, need-to-hit D]




Poppy's 2 top pips exceed your 1 defense from your 2nd card play.  Her parasol connects.






Chapter 7 - Ring Three


The crowd roars as you land hard in the third ring. Here, the arena's floor is rings of marble, white and black, separated from each other by gold. Statues draped in fine clothing stand around the ring's perimeter, and members of the crowd sit between them.


Many of the members of the crowd seem to be older teenagers, furiously taking notes.


"We have an unexpected challenger! Sinclair Sinclair! We'll give them a second to recover!"


The silhouette of the Top Dog is fairly clear behind the glass. Her hair is dense curls bound in buns, and her dress is similar.


"Opposite our brave challenger, we have Dog Ball!"


Your opponent is a small dog- not much bigger than the pink one, scruffy and black, balanced on a red rubber ball, periodically shifting his footing to maintain balance. His collar is a ribbon, with the loose ends blowing ten or fifteen feet back behind him.


"No bets to be made here, but the fight, the fame, the favor, the honors, for the winner. We all know, in our hearts, what The Pound brings, what it's for. The solemn responsibility this ring carries, beneath the fun and games. This ring distills that, and instills that. In fighting, do honor to all those who have gone before."


The crowd, through unspoken agreement, takes a moment of silence.






Chapter 7 - Pound of Flesh


Boon: 0-100% increased chance of greatly increasing quality of weapons found, getting special options on certain combat-oriented Paths, when dealing with certain combat-oriented Others, or getting combat options on some Paths that do not normally offer them.


The percentage chance (and quality) of this boon depend on the duration of the fight, are doubled if you win, and may multiply further depending on certain interactions with other boons from this path. You have [Black Suits You], which doubles the chance.


"The Top Dog has decided the terms. Heal all conditions to full, get them into their best condition. We'll tilt the arena regularly, depending on who is most stylish and consistent in their technique and fashion! And finally, in our Top Dog's vicious style... consumables cost! Blood!"






[hand: Axe Coin, [hit D, shield R], Corner Fighting, [shield UD], Rabbit Assist, [shield URDL], Plant Feet]




[combat: Dog Ball plays unnamed card [hits RL]]






Chapter 7 - Ring Three


Certain things keep coming up - the viciousness and focus on fashion and style have been a focus before, on your earlier visits, mentioned in the debate over who the Top Dog might favor, and as arena themes here and in the fight against the Flower Sniffer.


As far as style goes, odds are good that having an outfit made of matching or related pieces counts, and having a consistent style or pattern between your attacks helps too. Combo attacks or making big attacks vs. having big plays whiff might play into it too.




Chapter 7 - Ring Three


The Unsolvable Puzzle dissolves into complex and interwoven parts, and the effects sink into the Dog Ball. As before, the ramifications may take time to emerge.




%roll 1d2
[2] = 2


%roll 1d4
[3] = 3




[combat: we play Axe Coin, Rabbit Assist


Dog Ball plays Ricochet Insanity, Savage Press


Coin in third slot behind Savage Press]




RICOCHET INSANITY


Play all attack car
ds in hand and card pool, in any order.
Extend combat round as necessary. If your opponent has no cards in hand, they may draw a card.
Draw a full hand after.




SAVAGE PRESS


Discard an attack still in your card pool (favoring low quality ones), copy its pips.
If this hits, return it & opposing cards to hands. Foe draws a card.




[combat: 


Dog Ball removes Savage Press, plays [hit U], [hit RLL], Ball To Genital Contact [hits D, Stuns on hit.], [hit URL], [hit R, Unblockable if foe doesn’t spend a consumable], [hit UR], [hit L, Opponent must spend a consumable if able.], [hit RDL], [hit UU], [hit UDL], [hit LL], [hit URD], [hit DD], [hit R], [hit D, Neuters/spays on hit.], [hit R]


Axe Coin in nineteenth slot on their side.


Rabbit Assist in eighteenth slot on our side.]




%roll 1d15
[10] = 10




[hand: Fish Assist, [hit D, shield R], Corner Fighting, [shield UD], [shield URDL], Plant Feet]






Dog is hit.  Moves forward...


[combat: DWW plays DOG, Gold Dog above DWW’s third slot]






%roll 1d3
[2] = 2


%roll 1d4-2
[1] - 2 = -1


%roll 1d4-2
[1] - 2 = -1




[combat: DWW plays unnamed card 1 [hits U], unnamed card 2 [hits U], Witch


Blackened Dog above DWW’s fifth slot]




Unnamed card 1


When playing cards without pips, including this one attack 1d4-2 times. If a deficit, lose cards from card pool. On a max roll, add a card to the card pool.




Unnamed card 2


Roll 1d4-2. Draft or lose that many cards from pool.




Witch


Target foe discards a card. Replace it with an attributed card. Then draw a card for every attribute they hold.








Dog dies to ball to genital contact


(Missed adding an attack to WITCH but it doesn't reach anyway)






[combat: DWW plays Pain [hits UR]]




PAIN


Attack in any one direction. Attack in a random direction. Take 1 damage.






[hand: Fish Assist, [hit D, shield R], Corner Fighting, [shield UD], [shield URDL], Plant Feet]






Chapter 7 - Going Home


You pull on the rope, and you can hear the disappointed cries of the crowd, as you're yanked out of the Path and toward home. You see a fleeting glimpse of Poppy, standing above the arena.


"We should be careful," Clover says. "They're investigating us while we're investigating them. They may start bringing countermeasures to things we use regularly against them. Like escape ropes. It feels like it's about time for that."




Pound of Flesh


Least Boon: You survived 1 card play against a ring three contestant. All factors put together, your boon sits at .25% out of a possible 100%, doubled for having one other Pound boon, to .5%






With your two new boons...


[Black Suits You] [Pound of Flesh]




...you have exceeded your personal capacity, for boons, banes, and things that you can manage and pay attention to. Your current Mastery Tree:




[Mastery Tree, to-do]




Chapter 7 - Going Home


You have six slots, and seven things to manage. You should decide what to allocate and where. This is a representation of what you’re mentally able to keep track of, adjust to, and watch for. Boons that are left off this tree may still be active, but the benefits may be harder to obtain, and they’re unlikely to level up or improve. There’s even a chance they fade or downgrade.


Banes that are left off the tree are ones you just don’t have the capacity to manage or devote mental energy, time, routine, or care to. Left alone, there’s a small but recurring chance that they worsen, and a chance the penalties may be worse when they do crop up.


Completing major story objectives (hereafter referred to as ‘milestones’) lets you increase the number of slots available for boons and banes, as can some practices, such as a Boonkeep’s. Milestones might include clearing your first Path, resolving the full mystery of You or the Old Friend, life milestones like getting married or having a child. Some of these events may be achievable more than once - after you get a milestone for clearing your first Path, you might get another after clearing two more. Each child after the first might have a 50% chance of being a milestone (with the third such milestone being a 25% chance, etc.).




I forgot a bane, so in the interest of fairness, since I didn't address all this earlier, you have 7 slots…




[Mastery Tree, to-do]




(7 is a better magic number anyway)


[DOWNTIME VII]






Bed and the Breakfast Clues:


%roll 9d3 (Prompt 1: Number, type, tier)
"(Prompt 1: Number, type, tier)" [2] [3] [2] [3] [2] [3] [2] [2] [3] = 22


%roll 16d6  (Prompt 2: clue on a 6)
"(Prompt 2: clue on a 6)" [1] [4] [5] [1] [6] [2] [6] [1] [2] [2] [5] [2] [5] [4] [4] [4] = 54


%roll 4d3 (type, tier)
"(type, tier)" [1] [3] [2] [1] = 7


%roll 5d3 (type, already rolled the rest offscreen)
"(type, already rolled the rest offscreen)" [1] [2] [2] [3] [1] = 9


%roll 4d3 (type type, tier tier)
"(type type, tier tier)" [1] [1] [3] [3] = 8








Chapter 7 - Going Home


You’ve done a lot. Your mind is awhirl with possibilities. You’ve visited the Bed and Breakfast…


[Residents I clue] [Hearts I clue] [Residents II clue]


You’ve met 16 residents:


[Wolf I clue] [Residents I clue]


You’ve seen thirteen items of interest, with a 50% chance per item of getting a clue per…


[Wolf I clue] [Hearts I clue] [Hearts II clue] [Residents II clue] [Wolf I clue]


And you’ve passed through the gate, bringing the Surgeon and the Runaway with you…


[Wolf II clue] [Wolf II clue]






%roll 4d3 (Number of clues per heading, respectively)
"(Number of clues per heading, respectively)" [2] [2] [3] [2] = 9


%roll 9d3 (tiers)
"(tiers)" [2] [2] [1] [2] [2] [3] [2] [1] [1] = 16


%roll 9d3 (type)
"(type)" [3] [2] [1] [2] [3] [2] [3] [1] [3] = 20


%roll 4d2 (downgrade on a 1)
"(downgrade on a 1)" [1] [2] [2] [2] = 7








Chapter 7 - Going Home


On the Pound, you’ve obtained three total tickets:


[Spubs I clue] [Spubs I clue]


You’ve opened the east gate and obtained a boon:


[Dog I clue] [Spubs I clue]


You’ve encountered a Little Wolf:


[Paths I clue] [Rapacious I clue] [Paths I clue]


And you visited the third ring, meeting a powerful Lost:


[Dog I clue] [Paths I clue]




With writing notes:




Chapter 7 - Going Home


On the Pound, you’ve obtained three total tickets:


[Spubs I clue] [Spubs I clue]


You’ve opened the east gate and obtained a boon:


[Dog I clue] [Spubs I clue]


You’ve encountered a Little Wolf:


[Rapacious I clue] [Paths II clue] [Rapacious II clue] [Paths I clue] [Wolf I clue]


And you visited the third ring, meeting a powerful Lost:


[Dog I clue] [Paths I clue]






Chapter 7 - Going Home


From the Bed and the Breakfast, you got...




2
Red’s Rags
This is a third of set of gloves, which is a smaller part of a greater outfit. It belongs to the Forest Ribbon Trail, and if left to its own devices, will go back there.


Use: A piece of equipment, equipped in any slot. Can be tied on or left loose.




3
Scarred Toolbox
This toolbox is gouged by claw marks where it was exposed to spaces beneath the floor.


Asset: Grants a +1 to craft rolls, but on a rolled 1, makes the item darker and wolf-influenced. Reminds you of the Wolf.




3
Sum of Pathos; Two Children
A picture of two children, one in white, the other in red, holding hands. The framing and lighting suggest the shape of a wolf’s skull.


Asset: Wall slot. Items that remind you of the Wolf bother you less (33% chance to ignore).




5
Wolf Fur Shirt
A black shirt, with buttons of bone down the front. When you catch it off guard, the fabric feels like fur.


Equipment: Emotion-altering effects have a chance to invoke rage instead. Morale loss can sometimes be shrugged off, at cost of worsening banes or berserk rage (with adjustments to some decision making options and dialogue). Reminds you of the Wolf.




4
Wolfswood Spear
A short spear-like piece of wood with a bone inset in it, from the Forest Ribbon Trail.


Equipment: A vicious improvised short-spear that reminds you of the wolf. Grants:


[Thrust]
[Wolf’s Tooth]
[Rend]


Hits with this weapon can inflict deep wounds.




%roll 1d3
[1] = 1


%roll 1d8
[5] = 5


%roll 2d100
[27] [27] = 54


%roll 1d6+3
[6] + 3 = 9


%roll 2d3
[2] [1] = 3


%roll 3d5
[5] [5] [2] = 12


%roll 1d10
[2] = 2


%roll 1d5
[3] = 3




Chapter 7 - Going Home


It seems the circle to enter the Paths isn’t quite large enough to take pieces of furniture with you. Perhaps it’s for the best, as it would have made for an awkward and exhausting trip through the crowd. Sorting out the things that seem to have been deposited in the room after your trip to The Bed and The Breakfast, there’s also a set of pages…




1
Impossible Maps
Maps to places that aren’t Paths or Earth have optical-illusion like inconsistencies and oddities.


Consumable: Can spend at any time for 1-2 clues, some Path related. If used on something in relation to the title image & description, gives a hint as well.




The money from your books has come in, with $9.27 from your lesser research paper, and $3.27 from your other book. It seems that releasing a new text renews interest in your back catalogue.




You’ve trained your fighting abilities…


[hit R], [shield L], [hit L]


(Pick two to combine)




Corkboard:


2: Connecting the Gaps


If there is a clue set with a gap in tiers between the lowest and highest tier, fill it with the lowest tier available (1 and 3 = 2 // 2 and 4 = 3 // 1 and 4 = 2) and then create a bonus clue as described at the end.


If three clues of a tier could be combined and leveled up and then the gap could be filled, do that.


Otherwise, create a bonus tier 1 clue of a type you have a higher tier version of:


[Scrivening I clue]






%roll 1d2
[1] = 1




Preferred order for attack cards?


[cards: [hit L], [hit U, shield U], [hit RL], [hit D shield R], Haymaker, Wide Kick, Wide Right,  Uppercut]


(First 3-4 get replaced, depending on your weapon)






A knock at the door startles you out of your notetaking. Clover and Penny duck out of sight.


It’s a person from the front desk of the boarding house. He pauses as he sees the state of your room. He has to read your nametag on the door to remember who you are. “Sinclair. This is a fire hazard. After the factory fires and things on the news, you should make sure you can get out of here if there’s a problem. There’s a trash heap at the back, they cart stuff out to the dump when it gets full.”


“Anyway,” he says. “A message was left for you. It’s your family. They said to let them know you’re alive at some point, stay in touch.”


You have a family. But is it your family? It came with the people who joined you at the Bed and the Breakfast.


High expectations were placed on you, and you, the runaway, skirted them. The family has learned you’re your own animal, and you’ll take your own path, but that won’t stop them from nagging. They’re non-practitioners, and are a bit more toward the ‘upper’ of middle-upper class. If you reach out, you might have options- like a bit of support, mundane advice, or invitation to events and introductions to mundane people.


The Organization downtime action is now available to you. It involves tending to & directing things at home - including the family that lives the next city over, and the unit of you, Penny, and Clover. If you have a spouse or kids, this will be the part where you check in and do something as a family. If you run a business, you can manage it with this.


To start with, you should probably reach out, or they might do something annoying, like assume you’re dead again.


Every downtime cycle, you’ll get a free, semi-random Downtime action, decided by the Self you’ve hewed together. Organization is one.




Who do you call?


7.i.a
Call dad. He never really held it together after the war, but his prior hospital keeps him on as a consultant. He seems to have given up on life, and seems to subtly expect his kids to pick up the metaphorical slack. It’s depressing and a bit annoying to talk to him, but he’ll provide money, or help getting situated.


7.i.b
Call mom. She works as a nurse and runs the house, and is a bit emotionally detached, but she puts a lot of stock on how the family is seen... which often includes taking issue with your freewheeling life. If you can convince her you’re doing alright and not getting into trouble that would splash back on the family, you can probably get away with using organize for Penny and Clover for a while.


7.i.c
Call your younger brother. He kind of resents you for dodging expectations and letting them land on his lap. His attitude and demeanor is hard to detach from the image of the stern, stoic eldest brother. But he’s also connected to the city you’re in, with a law practice there.


7.i.d
Call your baby sister. She’s closest to you in attitude, but not quite as good at staying out of trouble. Fun and dramatic. Expect morale boosts, gifts, introductions to similar personalities as her, and some drama. If you don’t check in with her for a while, there’s a solid chance you’ll find out she’s in a hole she can’t dig herself out of.


7.i.e
Don’t call anyone. A part of you needs to validate these new memories, and resisting the impulse feels bad, but maybe it’ll be easier to change course later if you don’t acknowledge this life you’ve taken on.




Chapter 7 - Interlude


It’s eerie to talk to your mother, finding her familiar and someone new at the same time. She became head nurse of the hospital because she was very brusque and businesslike, indomitable, and inflexible, and got stuff done, whatever came up. She was the same as a mom. That inflexibility meant she was slow to pivot, something you used to dodge responsibilities as a kid, and you know she’s deeply insecure about her place in the community. The hives of gossiping housemakers terrify her, secretly. Another thing you used.


Calling her puts off family attention & scrutiny (except maybe your sister) for an extra two downtimes. When family starts wondering about you again, you should get another notification or phone call.


If you can list things that you’ve done to advance your position in life (mundane milestones, achievements, even things you’re doing on the side), you’ll extend it further - non-milestone things are likely a low percentage chance.






Your grandmother is not doing well, and is in the same hospital your father works in, with no expectation she’ll go back home. Your mom’s side of the family is already apportioning out her possessions in anticipation of selling her house.




A
If you express interest in a non-practice subject or hobby, there might be something in the house your mom can send to you in a parcel- your grandmother had a lot of books, so if there was a subject that interested you...


B
Your mom lets some uncharacteristic emotion out, talking about her own mother and what she was like when your mom was a child (apparently she and your grandfather fought like cats and dogs). She’s feeling maternal and admits she doesn’t know what she should do, say, or send. You could ask for something like cookies, or something sentimental, or simply reassure, to build your relationship.






Chapter 7 - Interlude


Share your experiences with some writing, seeing a University student, and holding a job.


“I wish it wasn’t at the cannery, Sinclair,” she tells you. “We did try to give you every opportunity. It sounds like this university student is motivating you. I hope it continues.”


Admit she's making you feel a tad sentimental too, and you'd like some childhood memento -- mention you might have some drawings of an old friend, that you'd like to see are still around.


“I’ll keep an eye out. That might be a good excuse to air out some cupboards and check some rooms we haven’t been using.”


It feels like you’re in a good place with your mother, and an okay place with your family in general. Your brother is probably the most testy individual when it comes to the subject of you, but that can be handled at some other point in time. The people waiting for their turn with the phone at the boarding house are a good excuse to end the call. All is well.


That concludes the Organization downtime action. Usually you’ll get a series of binary choices, depending on the individuals you’re working with or whoever is present. Better relationships mean more choices and benefits.


You also have a Research downtime action you can slot in whenever. When you conduct it, you should choose a primary subject for research this time around - normally a practice you know.




How do you spend your downtime?


7.i.4.a Explore a location known to you.


7.i.4.b Shopping to go see what’s available in stores (or call the Gadsens to buy a book from them)


7.i.4.e Reading, reading a book to make some headway. You’re best at reading Paths and Scrivening texts.


7.i.4.f Surveil, stalking and watching a person, place, or thing, or spend a while observing and interacting with a thing.


7.i.4.g Investigate, reading, making calls, and doing background research to tackle the mysteries at hand, for a safe but sure way to build up your knowledge about the puzzles before you.


7.i.4.h Utilize Intelligence - This works differently now, and is more focused on making guesses and managing your growing collection of clues.


7.i.4.i Research, with research not requiring a downtime slot, just this downtime. You’ll want to name what you’re researching.


7.i.4.j Ritual, performing a ritual you know.


7.i.4.k Craft, make something.


7.i.4.l Do two different Half Actions to fill one downtime slot:
Basic First Aid - Heal a heart.
Light Relaxation - Heal a morale
Light Socialization - Spend time with someone, observations & maintenance on a relationship. Or go on a date.
Maintenance - Clean your home/workspace, check wards and do general upkeep.
Skim Read - Lightly peruse some material for a 1d3 reading roll.
Work - Earn some money (see your Assets page for how much)




%roll 1d2
[2] = 2


%roll 2d3
[2] [2] = 4






Post has done as he pledged and put the compiled notes so far of the job he suggested doing with Miette into your mailbox. Miette should be around the bar.


The notes are in the clues section of the player document, ‘The Empty House’.






0
Lipstick Pressed Papers
Assorted papers from Path-related events that have gravitated together, covered in lipstick kisses.


Consumable: Can spend at any time for 1-2 clues, some Path related. If used in relation to something tied to Love, grants a basic hint in addition to the clues.




The lipstick pressed papers give you two clues...


[Hero I clue] [Moon I clue]


For a date, among the options, there’s the possibility of visiting the field where the fairy nest is on the way to a place like Selma’s house. Not only will it set a nice tone for the evening, but it would build relationships with the fairies, and the risk is relatively low - they know to avoid humans already, and their memories are short.


While debating, you throw out the Bar Cart and Highest Chair.




%roll 1d6
[2] = 2




Chapter 7 - Interlude


You tidy your place, get yourself sorted, and take care of the existing mess. With the place cleared of additional furniture, you should be clear for now. Your nerves finally calm down.


You take Parker out to Selma’s, and you get to experience some of the less-seen parts of the city. Jazz, sultry singing, sequins, and drinks in fluted glasses. Four out of five people in attendance are black, men in suits and women in nice dresses, and it’s clear that efforts have been made to carve out Selma’s as a refuge, as glittery and golden as the world beyond can be ugly. Some other students are present, and you and Parker have brief conversations with them, before others at nearby tables join in.


You notice two people, both black men, signal themselves as practitioners when one of them flashes his eyes to view you with Sight, but they acknowledge you with short nods and seem to want to leave you alone and be left alone, tonight. If there’s any dangerous elements here, going by your earlier impression of how the establishment was described, they’re probably here because it’s a high quality place that’s a bit off the beaten track where they can meet up, and your sense of things is that they wouldn’t want to disrupt the mood or the ambiance with anything egregious. It wouldn’t take much here to get escorted to the door and be barred from future visits. You could get a better sense of the place and who’s here if you came alone.


All in all, it’s a nice evening, with dinner and several shows, as you arrived in time for one band to leave and the other to set up and start, with a singer during the intermission. Dinner is a little small, and you’re out $2.50 in total.


You walk back, taking the long way around the outskirts of the city, so there’s time to talk, and room to take Parker through the field with the lone tree the fairies make home. You share what you can and talk about family, and Parker talks about theirs. It’s an opportunity to get a sense of one another.






Talking to Parker


Parker mentions a cousin who choked as a child and didn’t get enough oxygen, and got brain damage as a result - they’re perpetually at the mental age of four. Now the parents are old and ailing, and the question of what happens to said cousin is a question the entire family is debating whether the older sibling should handle it. It’d mean the sibling would have to cut their career path short, spending the rest of their life as a caretaker, likely not advancing nearly as much. By contrast, if there is no caretaker for the cousin, they’d go to an institution… where treatments range from the experimental to the barbaric. Parker asks you...


7.i.1.★
What would you do in the sibling’s shoes?






Talking to Parker II


As the semesters have ground on since your first meeting, Parker has become more and more disenchanted with their career path and studies. A fair bit of this dissatisfaction stems from their talks with you, but Parker makes it clear they aren’t upset, and this is something that likely would’ve come up sooner or later, and they’re glad it was sooner. What’s better?


7.i.2.a
Stick with what they’re doing. It’s the path to security, and the things you want to do can be found later.


7.i.2.b
They could take more electives, and abandon the projects that are most tried and true, for stuff that piques their interest more. It’s a gamble, both in the sense that they’d succeed academically, and that they’d find joy in it.


7.i.2.c
Give it time (noncommittal), see how things change & trend.


7.i.2.d
They could take a break from studies, using what they’ve learned to get some work, and pursue something more whimsical and free. No guarantee a position in the university would still be waiting later, depending on how things go.


7.i.2.e
They could abandon their studies entirely, and see if the free-fall and desperate element of it helps drive them to figure out a new path. They say it’s worked for them in the past, scary as it is.




"I'd have- a hard time abandoning them. I think it's unfair. Life is unfair. I was once in a tough place. I once had a choice to sacrifice others in the place of myself. I declined, and now I have the benefit of the company of those I saved. I- It's a tough call. I think a part of me always wants to run. Another to trust in the medical professionals and my own hand. A third to help someone in need. There is no easy answer. We should always try our best. Maybe a compromise between all the parts? Pool together as a family and help each other, as inevitably more and more work becomes only ours."


“Sorry to dump something so heavy on you. My family’s too caught up in it, taking sides and they don’t have objectivity, and my friends don’t really get it. A good few of us got medical exemptions from the war, and maybe that changes how you think and approach problems.”


Things turn to lighter topics, the future, goals, and friends. You muse about the possibilities for Parker’s career path, talking about the risks you're taking on the side- which Parker seems to think is related to the union.


You reach the field, and moonlight streaks past the blossoms of the tree, with its uncharacteristic pink-red petals, many of which have settled on the grass of the field, making it look like a flower field with glowing petals. You get the impression the fairies are enhancing the ambient effect for their own amusement. You sit, cuddle, and give your gift.


You get the impression Parker would enjoy taking things further, and the fairies- from what little you glimpse of them, would flee at the improrpriety.






7.3.a Yes 
7.3.b No 






Chapter 7 - Interlude


Health: UUUUUUUU[X] 
Morale: +++++++[X]


You return to the boarding house at a late hour, in good sprits. Your morale is up (beyond capacity even), and you feel as though your problems are further away.






Which problem seems furthest away? 


7.4.i.a Fostering 
7.4.i.b Unrestrained Creativity 
7.4.i.c Obsessively Clean 






Fostering has temporarily been removed. It will return.




How do you spend your downtime? 


7.i.6.a Explore a location known to you. 
7.i.6.b Shopping to go see what's available in stores (or call the Gadsens to buy a book from them) 
7.i.6.e Reading, reading a book to make some headway. You're best at reading Paths and Scrivening texts. 
7.i.6.f Surveil, stalking and watching a person, place, or thing, or spend a while observing and interacting with a thing. 
7.i.6.g Investigate, reading, making calls, and doing background research to tackle the mysteries and hand, for a safe but sure way to build up your knowledge about the puzzles before you. 
7.i.6.h i Research, with research not requiring a downtime slot, just this downtime. You'll want to name what you're researching. 
7.i.6.j Ritual, performing a ritual you know. 
7.i.6.k Craft, make something 
7.i.6.l Do two different Half Actions to fill one downtime slot: 
> Basic First Aid - Heal a heart.
> Light Relaxation - Heal a morale
> Light Socialization - Spend time with someone, observations & maintenance on a relationship. Or go on a date.
> Maintenance - Clean your home/workspace, check wards and do general upkeep.
> Skim Read - Lightly peruse some material for a 1d3 reading roll.
> Work - Earn some money (see your Assets page for how much)






Chapter 7 - Interlude


“Welcome back,” Joanna says. She glances you over. “You've changed, in more than one way. Did you bring the personal item, or two more dollars and the last half of my payment? What are we addressing?”






What are you wanting addressed? 


7.8.i.a Downgrade Fostering
7.8.i.b Remove Unrestrained Creativity
7.8.i.c Remove Obsessively Clean 






Chapter 7 - Interlude 


Joanna has you lie down, and prepares the practice. “You're more whole than you were, but the pieces rub against the edges of you. It seems like you're figuring something out.”


“You made this easier for me. Suppressing those instincts to hoard the vulnerable. It’s like drugging an ornery horse to sleep before a stablehand has to tend to it.” As she draws on the spirits inside of you, focusing on that impulse, others rise up.


The Runaway and the Surgeon manifest, each in corners of the room. The former fidgets, the latter is still, looking out the window.


“Hi,” Penny says.


“You should know,” Joanna says. “They'll consolidate into you. Those rough edges will stop being so rough. If you play into the personalities involved, that will make it easier. If you find yourself back where you were, in terms of your emotional capacity and resilience, then that might be the deadline. It seems you have a while. That's the first thing I’m noticing.”


“If things get bad, we might have to push for a certain course of action,” the Surgeon says. “Oh, you talk,” Joanna says. “That's eerie. Yes. I suppose you can do that.


“We're not nearly strong enough to fight a Little Wolf yet,” the Runaway says. “That girl we think was Poppy was ready to jump into that fight. That could have gone really bad. It’s best to avoid them and prepare measures against them first. Investigate them and stuff.”


“Anything else?” Joanna asks. “You won't be able to talk directly once I sort this out.”


“Nothing else,” the Runaway says. The Surgeon shakes his head.


“Anything to ask, Sinclair?” Joanna asks you. 






Anything to ask? 
7.9.i.* ...






Chapter 7 - Interlude


"I was told there's a lot about you and everything around you, that I shouldn't talk about to anyone. Does that include Penny and Clover?" 


“They're a part of you. Us, technically. It's fine,” the Runaway says. 


“Okay. Let's see...” Joanna murmurs.


The dark bit of spirit comes out of you, and it’s less agitated than upsetting was. It consolidates into a loose form, which seems familiar.


l“I can draw out parts of it, but I can’t make guarantees,” Joanna tells you. “Even suppressed, with my work, this is too much for one session.”


“It reminds me of the Kindest,” the Surgeon says. He hadn't even looked her way, but he doesn’t have eyes anyway. “Teacher. Called that because she works with children -kindergarten- and she’s the gentlest of the Beasts.”


“Maybe best to not talk about it,” Clover says, terse. 


“I don’t care,” the Surgeon says.


That's the last he says, before the rest of the spirits get consolidated together, the Runaway and Surgeon together, and put back into you. The weakened Fostering included.


You feel lighter.


“I should warn you, the wound left by the original trauma isn’t closed and may never close. As much as I appreciate the regular business, there’s a solid chance you may never have none of these spirits. I call them Banes. Decide what's manageable.”






FOSTERING 
Minor


Having been so vulnerable drives you to compulsively gather other needy and vulnerable souls to you. If your morale is tested or lowered when it is at 3 or lower, you roll a 1d4; if that roll isn't lower than the number of people in your care, you gain a new minor bane or an existing one is exacerbated, raised to the next step. 






How do you spend your downtime? 


7.i.10.a Explore a location known to you. 
7.i.10.b Shopping to go see what's available in stores (or call the Gadsens to buy a book from them) 
7.i.10.e Reading, reading a book to make some headway. You're best at reading Paths and Scrivening texts. 
7.i.10.f Surveil, stalking and watching a person, place, or thing, or spend a while observing and interacting with a thing. 
7.i.10.g Investigate, reading, making calls, and doing background research to tackle the mysteries and hand, for a safe but sure way to build up your knowledge about the puzzles before you. 
7.i.10.h i Research, with research not requiring a downtime slot, just this downtime. You'll want to name what you're researching. 
7.i.10.j Ritual, performing a ritual you know. 
7.i.10.k Craft, make something 
7.i.10.l Do two different Half Actions to fill one downtime slot: 
> Basic First Aid - Heal a heart.
> Light Relaxation - Heal a morale
> Light Socialization - Spend time with someone, observations & maintenance on a relationship. Or go on a date.
> Maintenance - Clean your home/workspace, check wards and do general upkeep.
> Skim Read - Lightly peruse some material for a 1d3 reading roll.
> Work - Earn some money (see your Assets page for how much)






Chapter 7 - Interlude


Research is how you can explore a practice and tweak it to your needs, or work with an item to uncover its features. Depicted above is a tree for the Man in the Middle practice, with sections roughly marked out for Puissance (raw effectiveness, left), Access (efficacy, top), longevity (resilience of practice, right), and executions (versatility, additional options, bottom). 


You get four 1d6 rolls (one additional one because of your higher than average knowledge); each small node costs 2 to unlock. Each large one costs 5.


Spending a Clue, you can either: 
- Maximize an already rolled d6 roll and get general directions or hints about the node of your choice (“I want my fireball to burn for longer” gets a node highlighted) 
- Reduce the cost of up to five connected nodes by 1 (small) and 2.5 (large), while also letting you know what those nodes do, if you haven't inferred. 


If the clue fits the nature of those nodes, even peripherally, you get cost reduction (first bullet point) or the cost reduction is enhanced (second).


Further, you can choose to take a detriment, effectively turning a positive node into a drawback, for that many points of progress. The number of points gained this way can’t exceed 50% of the total points already on the tree.


There is a cap on what can be allocated - roughly four diamond shaped spots on the tree; five if you have one major detriment.






%roll 4d6
[3] [2] [1] [6] = 12


You can buy 12 points of progress on the tree, or get up to 18, with 6 points of negatives.




How to make the initial casting of MiTM faster, reducing prep time? Is it possible to make it so it costs less than a whole ritual downtime to prepare?




 (Small) 5% chance of halving MitM ritual downtime time consumption - Discounted
 (Small) 12.5% chance of MitM not aborting on movement - Discounted
 (Small) 5% chance of halving MitM ritual downtime time consumption, 12.5% chance of MitM not aborting on movement - Discounted
 (Large) 30% chance of halving MitM ritual downtime time consumption - Discounted
 (Large) 1 movement allowance without MitM canceling, 25% chance on other movement - Discounted.




Red/Fairy:
(Small) Discounted the two % nodes to 1 (+1% to all percentage based rolls for the practice)
(Small) Discounted the tiny hourglass node to 1 (5% chance to halve MitM downtime time consumption)
(Large) Discounted the cooldown node (Those summoned with MitM come off cooldown 1-2 moves sooner)
(Large) Discounted the outreach node (Increased effectiveness against non-Lost, non-Scrivening Others and humans, +1)


Yellow/Hero:
(Small) Discounted the two % nodes to 1 (+1% to all percentage based rolls for the practice)
(Small) Discounted the hex node to 1 (lesser deleterious/status effects linger 1 round, serious ones like stun have a 5% chance of lingering)
(Large) Discounted Constrictor node (Hand reduction from binding persists at 50% strength on turns you don't have advantage)
(Large) Puissance Write-in (Devise your own Puissance node.  If it overlaps in function with another, research fails & session ends.


Green/Murder:
(Small) Discounted the hex node to 1 (lesser deleterious/status effects linger 1 round, serious ones like stun have a 5% chance of lingering)
(Small) Discounted the card node to 1 (bound enemy's card pool is reduced by 1, random)
(Small) Discounted the combined node (Both of the above)
(Large)  Discounted the Weakness node (On binding, 3 powerful attack cards are removed from enemy pool)
(Large) Discounted the Powerless node (On binding, passive abilities are reduced in strength or turned off briefly)




How to summon non-Lost non Scrivening Others?






Chapter 7 - Interlude


Man in the Middle (21/21) 
-54% chance a given ritual cast will be reduced to a half action. 
-Move one space further without breaking a Man in the Middle summoning.
-Other movements have a 54% chance of not breaking a Man in the Middle summoning. 
-Lesser Deleterious effects (inc. hand size reduction) from binding attempts linger for 4 rounds. 
-Serious Deleterious effects from binding have a 24% chance of lingering. 
-While binding is in progress, enemies lose 1 random card from their card pool. 
-Foes lose 3 strong cards from their card pool while being bound.


Do you wish to name this adjusted practice, for convenience’s sake? 
7.11.i.* Name? 






How do you spend your downtime? 


7.i.12.a Explore a location known to you. 
7.i.12.b Shopping to go see what's available in stores (or call the Gadsens to buy a book from them) 
7.i.12.e Reading, reading a book to make some headway. You're best at reading Paths and Scrivening texts. 
7.i.12.f Surveil, stalking and watching a person, place, or thing, or spend a while observing and interacting with a thing. 
7.i.12.g Investigate, reading, making calls, and doing background research to tackle the mysteries and hand, for a safe but sure way to build up your knowledge about the puzzles before you. 
7.i.12.h i Research, with research not requiring a downtime slot, just this downtime. You'll want to name what you're researching. 
7.i.12.j Ritual, performing a ritual you know. 
7.i.12.k Craft, make something 
7.i.12.l Do two different Half Actions to fill one downtime slot: 
> Basic First Aid - Heal a heart.
> Light Relaxation - Heal a morale
> Light Socialization - Spend time with someone, observations & maintenance on a relationship. Or go on a date.
> Maintenance - Clean your home/workspace, check wards and do general upkeep.
> Skim Read - Lightly peruse some material for a 1d3 reading roll.
> Work - Earn some money (see your Assets page for how much)


[downtime]






Investigate - How it Works


Investigate involves digging for information, making brief phone calls, and trying to connect dots to decipher a person, place, or thing. When you investigate, you can roll to unlock a space. On a success, beating the target number, you can continue. On a failure, you get a strike. If you fail, you can spend the clues necessary, plus another relevant clue to unlock that space as a fallback, avoiding the strike. 


Alternatively, you can target a space you can access and get a clue relevant to it, in exchange for an automatic strike. As of right now, if you get four strikes, Investigate ends.






5
Swordpoint Axe 
Bearing a motif of spades and swords, this axe’s blade and handle weap are pitch black. 
eapon, attacks hit both lane above and lane below. 


Equip: W
[Draw Axe] 
[Spade Blade Divide] 
[Axe Blade Cleave] [Fan Blade] 
Counts as an Axe, Sword, and Spade item. 


Puzzle: Add [Sword] or [Spade], random  




[LW clue grid]




%roll 1d2
[2] = 2




%roll 1d6 (Little Wolves; Secrets x Patterns, succeed on a 3+)
"(Little Wolves; Secrets x Patterns, succeed on a 3+)" [1] = 1






Patterns x Secrets 


The tricks they use and their interactions with the Wolf are a standalone practice- one outsiders are unlikely to tap into, without whatever process it is that makes Little Wolves happen. But they also dabble into other practices, as their interests or looting of targets provide. They predictably find a lot of common elements in other Rapacious practices and Abyssal ones, but can find surprising purchase in Alchemy and Worship practices as well, drawing on common elements in their banes and relationship to the Wolf, respectively. Once a practice is known, it may be bartered out to others in their enclave, though the Little Wolf who first acquired it is likely to be most adept and comfortable with it.






Patterns Cleared 


There’s a wrongness to them. In how they eat, the directions they take practice, their relationship to the Path, and their dynamic with the Wolf. But the nature of that wrong, that takes more research. You already know sigils relating to Ivory, and digging for things in the same family, you figure out ones that touch on the idea of Wrongness, in this way. Including this in argumentative practices, bindings, barriers, and counter-practices improves those practices against Little Wolves, treating them as more favorable targets, weakening the opposing practices, and helping effects to linger. Note: it takes a bit of time to copy these cuneiform ‘tooth’ arrangements over, or to prepare a next use of a practice to use them. 






Status x Data 


Little Wolves of even modest power have the ability to avoid death. If ‘slain’, they tend to recur, often returning to hunt that same target with a fresh vengeance... and a cost they can’t always pay. This ties into their relationship to the Wolf, which also dictates the suite of tricks that are distributed to them by their link to the Wolf. On death, they may lose tricks they wanted to hold onto, pay other penalties, and/or lose favor with the Wolf. Expect to have to defeat them multiple times in relatively quick succession, with them stronger on each recurrence, or to have to research a means to disrupt this autoresurrection. 






History x Data 


Little Wolves tie into the story of Red Riding Hood, borrowing from motifs, but turn it on its head. While they may be relatively new as a force unto itself, the thread of their origin likely ties back to stories older than the written word, which then mutated in the hands of Innocents. There may be more digging to be done on the Forest Ribbon Trail, to uncover anything usable.






History Cleared


Whatever direction you dig, the Wolf keeps coming up, but the Wolf is never alone. Some Finder texts (and Gadsen) refer to the Child, the pacifist opposite the antagonist, the victim to the murderer, the prey to the predator. In approaching other aspects of research, like the actual nature of the ritual or procedure to make a Little Wolf, it’s increasingly seeming like the Child, or some symbolic equivalent, like the quarry of the Little Wolves, is a good guess for filling in blanks. In practice, of course, the Child is the boon companion that joins one on the Forest Ribbon Trail, slain by most. Something Little Wolves don’t have. 


Each downtime cycle, you get a +1 to be applied to any Little Wolf related roll you’re about to make, a reroll, and a mystery option to be used in emergencies. They expire at the end of Downtime.






Data Cleared


There’s such a heavy emphasis on idiosyncracies, details, motifs, and themes, that on one hand appears to tie deeply into the Paths as a whole, and makes sense for those who may have no personal history at all, but the consistency of theme for each given Little Wolf suggests there are individual stories at play. Ones they may not even know. We see the consequence or the ripples, but the action is hidden and unknown to all. Or to most.


Individual Little Wolves have a descriptive title on meeting them, and a space unlocked on their clue grids. 






[LW clue grid]


Another Requirement (Visits)


Unlocking the bottom right quadrant of the Little Wolf grid requires a deeper secret from the Forest Ribbon Trail. There’s a 50% chance it’s the bottom right one, a 25% chance it’s the top right, and a 25% chance it’s the bottom left one.






Status x Secrets


Little Wolves congregate into groups, acting like individual gangs, and the gangs may or may not get along. A given group will have a language, an area they keep to, a motif, and a place they gather. You've dealt a lot with Secrets the ‘reds’. Seeing one group a lot may mean the Wolf is giving them an opportunity... or a last chance.






Status Cleared


In everything you’ve found about how they live, eat, sleep, their relationships, and the perpetual hunts, Little Wolves lead a half of a life, in away. They exist on the margins, taking what's available, and they hunt. This may be intentional on their patron’s part, creating a dynamic where their path to fulfillment is the hunt and taking whatever the Wolf provides, and where they are jealous of what their targets have. 
Mentioned in various clues, effects and consequences for overcoming and defeating Little Wolves are magnified, provided you maintain some facsimile of a good life. Hitting life milestones may magnify this.






Secrets Cleared 
You can now imagine what's going on behind the scenes, the plans they're making, and how they might be working against you. You have a better sense of what they know or are are putting together about you. If they have access to other kinds of information gathering, it may exceed what is listed here:


Relationships - Cleared. They have obtained an unknown bonus.


Status - Cleared. They have obtained an unknown bonus.


Capabilities - In progress. Countermeasures to a couple of your most used tricks are in progress.


Different Little Wolves hold different information. They are seeing how well they do alone against you before they start sharing and bartering.






Another Requirement (Assist) 


Unlocking the top right quadrant of the Little Wolf grid requires that you find and get the details on three other Little Wolf situations - finding people that have been hunted, or the notes, records, or getting the stories of those that were hunted successfully.




[clue grid: ]
Poppy
The Onrushing Storm 


One clue type to be identified...


[Falling III clue]


One clue type will be Ribbons, Wolf, or Rapacious. ooo






[clue grid: ]
YOU
Death says I’m not on the list? What’s going on?


One clue type to be identified...


[Residents IV clue]








[Old Friend clue grid]




%roll 1d6 (Details x Patterns, 4+)
"(Details x Patterns, 4+)" [1] = 1




Patterns x Details 


An inveterate gambler, your old friend had an established pattern of winning streaks, followed by losing big, which led to him making the enemies that scared him off the Paths and onto Earth. Items and powers related to him may have this same tendency.






Details Cleared


He gave you something of himself, which was easier to do when he was slowly crumbling, the motifs and themes peeling away from him. It sits in you, residual, the kind of thing that might appear if you had a photograph taken. 


That piece of himself is now a boon, that can be upgraded and adjusted, as you put it to use.






Secrets x Histories


Your introduction to the Paths came from your acquaintance, the ‘old friend’. He told you of two Paths he called home, and made mention of two more you can’t recall and haven't seen - maybe if you remembered more of your friend, or talked to his acquaintances. One was a hangout spot for all his friends- if they aren’t on a Path you know they occupy, they might be there. The other was more dangerous, but he had reason to visit from time to time.






[TBATB clue grid]


Conceits x Curiosities


The Path is one where the ‘instanced’ nature of it overlaps, always with seven occupants, each of whom have seven bedrooms they can call their own, with a roster of fourteen or so Lost who come and go. Once one is on the guest list for The Bed And The Breakfast, it heavily alters them in the past, present, and future, as well as connections and their place in the world.




Connectivity x Curiosities 


Innocent, Aware, and practitioners are mixed in among the seven contestants. Each is equipped with special rules or dynamics, including ways to access The Bed And The Breakfast, and ways to access other Paths. Presumably, this is to make even Innocents Aware and get them equipped for conflict, confrontation, or contest to fllow.






Hazards x Curiosities


The house is protected by a general truce, but certain Lost and contestants have the ability to hurt others in the right circumstances... and anyone who is forced out of the property and onto the surrounding grounds is fair game for the Wolf, who may or may not be present.






Navigation x Curiosities


Every new guest is provided a bedroom, a place uniquely theirs, prepared Bann in such a way that it’s uniquely theirs, with compelling reasons to visit and stay. Among these reasons, some ‘guests’ have special capabilities tied to their rooms. These bedrooms are set into place with great force, and little mind to the layout of the house.






Curiosities Cleared


While sorting out the notes, and working out the most wobbly details, whether those details are as unsettling as the wolf pictures you saw, or as mundane as your family, you happen to use your Sight to check if Penny is sleeping or not, and see something in the notes. Your address, printed on a bank receipt from your book sales, shudders. Your parents’ address blurs. You start working out what acts in what way, on the assumption it’s tied to The Bed and the Breakfast, relate it to something on an unfinished page in the notes you found, and come to a tentative conclusion. 


All seven ‘guests’ live in your city. That in itself is notable, but you also live in theirs. The closer you peer at the details, the shakier things get; all guests live in a superposition, occupying all relevant cities, moving through similar spaces by analogue. If another guest of The Bed and the Breakfast is living on the other side of the world, a version of you is there. If they find you there, a version of them finds you here. 


Any guests who don’t know this are at a significant disadvantage when doing counter-intelligence. Those who know it have a fair-sized advantage when it comes to the same.






%roll 1d6 (Patterns x Secrets, 5+)
"(Patterns x Secrets, 5+)" [2] = 2


%roll 1d6 (Patterns x Secrets, 5+)
"(Patterns x Secrets, 5+)" [2] = 2


%roll 1d6 (Patterns x Secrets, 5+)
"(Patterns x Secrets, 5+)" [4] = 4






[MO clue grid]




Controls x Conceits


There are fifteen set tiles with defined features for each; one tile, if first, will always have the same sort of buildings (ex. a shop), but the nature of that building may change from visit to visit. Placing them arranges the Path. There are set orders for desired outcomes, with hints and deducible elements throughout the Path.






[Pound clue grid]




Connectivity x Controls


The Path operates on a timed cycle, where it can be revisited and progressed in. Objectives, enemies, and the nature of the Top Dog reset and change each time the Path does, while some aspects of the Path are time-based, being easier, harder, or only appearing at set times in the loop.






Connectivity x Controls


The Path operates on a timed cycle, where it can be revisited and progressed in. Objectives, enemies, and the nature of the Top Dog reset and change each time the Path does, while some aspects of the Path are time-based, being easier, harder, or only appearing at set times in the loop.






Connectivity x Others


Dog and fighting Lost (especially those using blades, spades, or shovels) are predominant Lost here, but there’s a chance others show up too. Respect is a key thing here, for any Lost (with Lost in the stands being much more varied), and while the Path may reset, doing well or doing poorly, or especially disrespecting combatants/the Path may be remembered by Lost on other Paths, especially those who could be Pound combatants.






Connectivity x Secrets


Talking to Gadsen about the speech before your ring three fight, you put pieces together: Lost know of The Pound as a place where they can hone their fighting abilities and earn respect, while doing a duty of sorts; those Lost who finish here join the rosters of Lost who defend the Paths against other realms, or take care of difficult elements that do more harm than good. These circumstances aren't easy, akin to soldiers enlisting to fight on warfronts only some return from. The gambling and veneer of fun may be an allegory for wishing luck and celebrating courage.






Curiosities x Connectivity


The Path semi-commonly (roughly a third of the time) taps into other Paths, with easy access to said Paths. This will only last the cycle, but also impacts the Path, the cornerstone Lost, and the gates. If the cornerstone Lost is a ___, connecting to a circus theme Path could see it become a Clown ___, favoring cases where there’s a mesh between the cornerstone and the appellation.






[Pound clue grid]


Connectivity Cleared


The nature of the Pound, covering spades and hounds, is niche, while it seems to fill a certain role. If there’s a level of meta-organization at play, it stands to reason that there are similar ‘stations’ out there, that cover other bases, and possibly fold into one another, further down the line of whatever process is going on. There’s a high chance of path boons or conceits connecting across these stations... get two of the right boons and put them together, get something better than the sum of its parts. 
Once per downtime-expedition cycle, you can reroll a Path boon (such as Black Suits You’s coin generation). If you don’t, then this passively improves a less elective/hidden boon (such as Pound of Flesh)








%roll 1d2
[2] = 2


%roll 1d2-1
[2] - 1 = 1


%roll 1d2
[2] = 2


%roll 1d2
[1] = 1






3
Scarred Toolbox
This toolbox is gouged by claw marks where it was exposed to spaces below the floor.


Asset: Grants a +1 to craft rolls, but on a rolled 1, makes the item darker and Wolf-influenced.


Reminds you of the Wolf.


Puzzle: Add [Wolf], any






%roll 1d2
[1] = 1




Health: ♥️♥️♥️♥️♥️♥️♥️♥️♥[X]
Morale: ++++++XX






%roll 1d3
[2] = 2






[FRT clue grid]




(Red 1 = Any Purple/Red/Orange background clue)




%roll 1d2
[2] = 2


%roll 1d2
[2] = 2
%roll 2d4


[1] [2] = 3




(Conceits x Others, already cleared)
%roll 1d6 (Connectivity x Others, 2+)
"(Connectivity x Others, 2+)" [5] = 5




Connectivity x Others


How one approaches and completes the Forest Ribbon Trail can dictate aspects of one’s Wolf, and how it recurs or interacts with the individual. Sometimes with dreams, sometimes stalking them on or off the Paths, sometimes only as a dangerous element on more difficult Paths. Re-running the Forest Ribbon Trail and talking to the Wolf at the end can be a way of negotiating this, making a deal or paying some price to buy safety (with some doing it to get a reprieve during a wedding, for example)... but given the nature of the Wolf, this is often a neutral tradeoff at best, and can be a steep price paid in retrospect at worst.






%roll 1d6 (Connectivity x Curiosities, 2+)
"(Connectivity x Curiosities, 2+)" [4] = 4




Connectivity x Curiosities 


Though it’s one of the most traveled Paths, owing to the fact that many Finders start their journeys here, the Forest Ribbon Trail is a starting point for many ventures into some of the greatest mysteries, treasures, and discoveries of the Paths as a whole, and when it isn't, it often has clues, hints, or some way of finding direction to those things. On each iteration of the Path, some of this is dredged up, as if a turning over of the soil can’t help but provide a handful of key pieces to some venture.






%roll 1d6 (Hazards x Others, 2+)
"(Hazards x Others, 2+)" [3] = 3




Hazards x Others


The Others found by the side of the trail are not a representative cross-section of the Others found across the Paths in general. There’s a latent menace to many, and many have a slant toward danger, tap into forces that go beyond what most Lost of the Paths do, or represent those Others that have become Lost and perhaps are not integrating well to the Paths as a whole. Not all, of course; some mundane Lost do end up here. This is the selling point of the cat skull, which grants the boon of releasing two Others from the Path and into one’s service and companionship.






%roll 1d6 (Connectivity x Controls, 2+)
"(Connectivity x Controls, 2+)" [4] = 4




Connectivity x Controls


The Path begins and ends the same way, and varies relatively little in terms of what's found in the middle - mainly in terms of Others stalking the sides of the Path, their approaches, and the little details found along the side of the Path. On repeated visits, there will be a tendency for (and opportunities provided to allow one to inadvertently) wear a rut of sorts, with opportunities becoming expectations, becoming mandatory actions. This isn’t necessarily bad, if one chooses the right course, but can put some opportunities and options effectively out of reach.






Connectivity Cleared


A fundamental Path with deeper mysteries; despite the fact that all walk it, few delve into the mysteries, except perhaps by poking around the edges. With the way it leads to other Paths, and other Paths lead from it, some find it safest to poke at it from the Cleared edges. Or perhaps they do so because they're scared of the Wolf. 
Ribbons mark dangers across the Paths, to the point they’re synonymous with hazards. You can potentially see something deeper when seeing ribbons in this way.






%roll 1d6 (Navigation x Others, 2+)
"(Navigation x Others, 2+)" [1] = 1


%roll 3d3
[2] [1] [1] = 4


%roll 1d3
[3] = 3


%roll 1d2
[1] = 1


%roll 1d6
[1] = 1


%roll 2d37
[35] [18] = 53


%roll 1d2 (does that deep wound the Top Dog inflicted for rope use heal?)
"(does that deep wound the Top Dog inflicted for rope use heal?)" [2] = 2






Downtime 7 - Wrapping Up


You wrap up your investigations after running into a wall with the Forest Ribbon Trail stuff. Food for thought, and a bit of a bruised heart, stirring bad memories as you fossicked magic items away.


You've made some reading progress in your books from your reading desk, with a small bonus from the sharpness the Surgeon within you gives you. Two points in the Wilderness Handbook, one into Naked and Oiled, and two into the Field Notes: Queen’s Ransom.


The radio mentions that there’s some work being done on the main roads, tearing up old plumbing. It’s a massive job, and, as you follow up on your expectation, some of the people working at the cannery mention they're considering going for it. By all reports, it pays a tiny bit better [+$1d3/downtime, +$1/work action], the work is heavily dependent on what weather allows, [there’s a fifty percent shot you'll have a free downtime], but it’s back breaking labor, where you may suffer physically. [Chance of losing health at the start & end of downtime, recover -1 health at downtime’s end] It’s also a temporary job, where, once the downtime is over [5-6 expedition-downtime cycles] you may be out of a job and in a position to hunt down a new one. 


You've healed, and the deeper injury the Top Dog inflicted for your use of the rope has finally scabbed over and is better.


Health: UUUUUUUUU
Morale: +++++++






Do you wish to change your job?


7.i.1.a Take the job working on tearing up the road and pipe. 
7.i.1.b Stick with the cannery job.






[THE EMPTY HOUSE]






Chapter 8 - The Empty House


Your habit of going out for expeditions in the mornings to avoid the Little Wolves means you arrive at the the crooked bar shortly after it opens. Edda is there, juggling cleaning the booths with managing her infant son and cooking breakfast for those who order it- it looks like eggs and fried potato slices. Her son is the ugliest child you’ve ever seen, objectively, and pulls at her clothing incessantly. The place is largely empty, excepting the corner table and the regular drunkards who presumably never leave, or are here whenever they aren’t working. When the child tugs so hard at Edda’s top that the shoulder rips -nothing exposed- there’s some jeering. Edda manages it all with nary a blink or a change of expression. 
Penny and Clover go over and offer to occupy the child. Edda accepts.


Miette isn’t there, but Lynch and Lorraine are. Lorraine has light brown skin and hair she’s clearly tried to straighten and oil. Her green dress is simple but fits her body in a way that suggests it was made for her.


“I was going to go out and handle stuff,” Lynch says. “I can go wake up Miette if you want. I heard from Post that he suggested her.”


Edda, having stepped out for a second to change her top, returns and offers the girls, and you by extension, breakfast on the house.




He rises out of his seat, then pauses. “Before I go, introductions. This is Lorraine, cultist. Researches various dark gods. Lots of small, primal, naturally occuring ones too. Around her, you may see Fick, goblin-type thing. Have you familiared it yet?”


“Not yet.”


“Lorraine, this is our relative newcomer, Sinclair. Came with pursuers on their tail, caused a fuss. Deals with pocket worlds- but they’re connected, I guess. They deal pretty fairly in my experience, and they owe people favors, so... if you have something that needs doing, maybe ask. I’ll go fetch Miette.




Chatting with Lorraine
8.1.*Anything to say or ask?






Chapter 8 - The Empty House


“Pleased to make your acquaintance. I’m mostly a riddle-solver, dealing with puzzles at odd angles out on the Dreaming Reaches, but I wonder if our fields of study might share some commonalities—dark deals made with old things, the metaphorical or literal walking down dangerous trails...If any favors come to mind you’d need a riddle-solver for, do ask, but I would like to hear about the dark gods in your line of work.” 


“My trails aren’t so dangerous. Long walks in the woods, mostly, train rides. There are four minor gods near here, so I made it my home. I don’t think I need anything now, but my favor might be as simple as checking on my gods while I’m away, sometime. Fick tries, but it’s not the smartest creature.”


“As for the gods, they're primitive and lack knowledge of the world. Some say they’re a step above major spirits, some say they’re different things, and it’s hard to know, because ideologies creep in. It's hard to worship something and not have very strong feelings about it... so you have to learn to read the texts with a certain grain of salt. Sometimes I think cultists like myself, who approach things from sideways, subversive angles, have the most objective views. But we're also hunted by some adherents of gods who worry we’d target them. Which isn’t my interest. I tread in shallower waters.”


“Some gods are very minor, with domains no larger than a forest clearing, their world is sticks, mud, and blood, clotted together into shapes. But you can feed them. Others are darker, bigger, and deeper. I can’t reveal too many secrets, mind.”


Your breakfast is served, and Penny and Clover come to your table, bringing the infant with, which cuts the conversation a bit short.






Chapter 8 - The Empty House


Miette and Lynch arrive relatively quickly, which implies a travel practice was used or Miette lives close. Miette smiles at seeing Lorraine, and settles into the booth.


“Are we doing this together, are you going to pass the buck and pass on this job, or are you doing it solo?” Miette asks. “And if we’re doing it together, who’s on point? Because I don’t think we operate in the same spaces, and it gets awkward if we're trying to fight alongside one another.”


If you do this together, you can opt to play as Miette, with a Sinclair, Clover, and Penny Assist card for any fights, and the option of using practice here and there. Or you can do it yourself, with a Miette assist card for fights. If you go it alone, you may get more rewards. If you abandon it, you'll have to find another favor to do.




Chatting with Lorraine


8.2.* Say or ask something?
8.2.a Go together, you lead.
8.2.b Go together, Miette leads. (And you'll pick two combat cards/practices to combine into an assist card)
8.2.c Go alone
8.2.d Abandon the job.




Chapter 8 - The Empty House


“Before I forget- thank you for the breakfast, Edda. Sometimes it feels like things conspire to prevent us from having a conversation.” 


Edda gives you a quizzical look. Then someone orders a drink, and she has to go.


“I'm curious what you have to converse with her about,” Miette says, lounging, yawning.


“Its good to see you, Miette. I was just picking Lorraine's brain about her practice- your recommendation piqued my curiosity, and I'm interested in lessons, if she's offering. I'd be willing to pay, of course.”


“Maybe let's see if you survive today before you bother my friend,” Miette says. “What specifically would you be looking for?” Lorraine asks. 


“Let's walk,” Miette says. “Talk on the way.”


“Before I forget, and before I leave, for all four of you, here's my phone number; I live at a a boarding house, so just ask to speak to Sinclair Sinclair, or call my name out three times before you call.”


“I always feel awkward doing that,” Lynch says. 


You sort things out and depart for the house. Lorraine walks with you and Miette.


“Think on the practice, let me know what you want to do. I’m not sure I’m a very good teacher. My practice is selfish and self-interested, and I don’t know how that translates to a student,” Lorraine says.


You head deeper into the neighborhood the empty house is in.






“Mistress,” a voice says, from the shadows. It knocks something over in its haste to keep up with where you are in the woods. “I fed the gods at the shrines, but I was late, I was late! Fick is a useless thing, lower than a worm, for even a worm tills dirt and fills it with rich shit. I was late, useless thing. I must make amends! I shall lick every pair of your boots clean, sole to toe, one hundred times, and pry every small stone from the treads with my tongue tip. I'll keep them in places I shan’t mention, in case you have need for them, for I am sorry, so sorry! I’m a miserable, useless thing.”


“Do the washing while you're at it? There must be less stains from when you start to when you finish. Then you clean the boots.” 


“Yes, mistress! You are wise and forgiving of this useless thing!” There's a sound of Fick scampering off.


“Fick’s charming, once you realize it really likes being treated like trash,” Lorraine says. “Which admittedly takes some getting used to.”


It looks like a lot of the locals have found reasons to leave, and the area is in swift decline. The house itself is fairly ordinary, though the yard is overgrown and a bin of trash tipped over and blew across the yard. It’s a fairly small two bedroom house, with a picket fence and a yard that’s half dirt.


“Who’s on point?” Miette asks.


“You lead, I'll support,” you tell her.






Talking to Lorraine


8.3.* Let her know what sort of practice you're interested in.
8.3.a Let her know you'll figure it out and reach out to her later.
8.3.b Let her know you're no longer interested.






Going forward with Miette


8.4.a Move forward, enter the Empty House.
8.4.b You have preparations to do.
8.4.c You have questions or things to say.




What equipment setup & inventory are you bringing to the Empty House?
8.5.* Decide what you're bringing






Chapter 8 - The Empty House


Miette can see into the windows, and get a sense of the layout. Front hall, cutting down the center. Stairs. Dining room to the left, living room to the right. It looks like there’s a porch around back. 


The air is stale, and Sight reveals that people have had nightmares lately. And they've seen things - those emails face this house. She supposes she can tell Post about it and he'll put people on the cleanup detail. What she knows of horrors is that the more of them there are in a space, the worse things get. It strains reality, and makes it easier for them to use their innate abilities. Unless the horrorfication is light, a horror can crawl through any crack it can work any part of its body through, and they usually have other abilities too. Half of them are liable to be unstable- so if they can fork off their limbs, there’s a chance they try and end up with less.


“Like some scrivening Others,” Sinclair notes. 


Sure, whatever. 


Their psychology is often disturbed. Or shuffled. Needs, wants, hopes, dreams, fears, goals, and memories get twisted. A memory becomes a need, a hope becomes a fear, a want becomes an obsession. They don’t age, eat, sleep, or breathe, generally, but a need for breathing can become an obsession for strangling people and tearing their mouths and lungs open to get at that person’s breath.


What was surface level stuff often becomes core. The number of horrors who think of loved ones as they become horrors feeds directly into the horrors who are drawn toward Innocents of the right rough appearance, standing by children’s bedsides, patting their cheeks. Or killing them. They can have the cunning and bits of the strategy or skill of a human, but most are like cornered, confused animals, always in a corner.


That's most of what Miette knows. She finishes explaining it to Sinclair, and then caps off by highlighting that horrors are often in incredible, unending, and desperate torment, so unless it’s coherent enough to communicate otherwise, it’s seen as a mercy to end them. There’s no karma in it, though, beyond the usual for dealing with a mess.






Talking to Lorraine


“Your enemies have a very nasty patron - express interest in cutting them off from it, or maybe causing them to draw too much of its attention.”


“Okay,” Lorraine tells you. “I'll think about that. But part of what a Cultist like myself does is draw on a power and portfolio without them noticing. It sounds like you have their attention already. Maybe I'll call a friend to see if she has ideas on what to do if you really fuck it up. But that’s essentially asking for a favor, so... give me $5, I can make that call, then help you figure out how to apply it to your situation.”






Chapter 8 - The Empty House


What are they talking about? Oh. Still on that. Whatever. Miette wants to moan and groan over her hangover, but she doesn’t want to be tiresome for Lorraine, so she keeps quiet and lets them chatter about whatever. 


Privately, Miette knows she isn’t a fighter. She has tools, but the nature of horror psychology makes some of it tricky.


Astral Traveling has two options. Miette can step out of her body and act as an Immaterial thing, practice, and use practices while in this form. She'll be less vulnerable to visceral Others, which most horrors are, but more vulnerable to immaterial ones. There’s liable to be some echoes around any place there’s pain, and there’s pain around horrors, as a rule- while in Astral form, echoes and spirits may be visible when they wouldn’t be otherwise.


- Unless Astral Traveling is on cooldown, Miette can leave her body behind and astral travel whenever. The body is very vulnerable, however, and can be targeted, taking critical damage from any attacks while uninhabited. The longer it’s left alone, the higher the chance the original owner's astral self is drawn back to it. If it shows up, Miette will know, and she can deal with it, but it'll be annoying... and potentially useful. Cover that when we get to it. 
- The body can be turned into something astral, so it’s not left behind, but this has a long cooldown. 
Both abilities can be used in combat, but the former is risky as it'll leave a ‘body’ card behind. The astral body will distract enemies, and can ‘land’ any number of spaces ahead. Enemies may catch on and realize what Miette is doing. The latter ability can be an escape option, getting out of the way of especially bad attacks, but again, has a long cooldown. It does not appear as a card in Miette’s repertoire, nor place card (besides the ‘body’ aspect), and can be used at any time in combat.


Wink, Blink, and Nod should be safe to use. It’s a practice that makes targets more tired, essentially three ‘ammo’ of a curse that’s easy to cast and kept ready at hand. Casts can be spread out across targets, one mkaing a target more tired, two making sleep hard to fight off, and three virtually guarantees sleep. A given cast can be canceled anytime, which puts it on cooldown before returning that metaphorical ammo to the chamber... while probably drawing the original recipient's attention. Used in combat, forces a discard, replacing the card with one of the three, and






Dream Reinterpretation is usable while in astral form. It jumps into a target’s head. This is another form of dodging, but in combat, may pose a small puzzle, before returning to the fight. If completed, or if done outside of combat, can change a target’s mind. Sometimes there are prizes to be taken out of a dream. Foes affected by Wink, Blink, and Nod are more easily managed this way.


Miette has some Fleeting Images, which may be distractions, or may help solve those small puzzles... except they probably won't interact well with Horrors.






Chapter 8 - The Empty House 


Miette’s equipment is as follows:




IMPLEMENT
HAND RAKE
Onyx handle, curved cast iron tines as thick as a finger.


Use: Weapon. Attacks in spirit do bonus visceral damage; visceral attacks do bonus immaterial damage. Practice improves against those suffering immaterial damage. Modifies base attacks, grants:
[Soul Rake]
[Gouge]






3
Debt Tablet
A black clay ledger that tracks bad karma, a debt is incurred when you take a body, you choose to carry this and pay it off by bearing a burden. Appears as marks on you when in astral form.


Depending on debt, have the following added to your card pool/banes. Currently 11:


~~15: Shame~~
10: Strange Impulses
5: Dissonance




4
Pearl Necklace
This pearl necklace spills across one’s decolletage. Is forged out of certain dreams, bolsters the fourth fluids of the blood, sweat, tears triad.


Use: Accessory, worn in a top space. Incubus and Succubus items are treated as one category. Counts as a Freud & Lust item.
Grants: [Allure]






4
Token of Mother
A token of the mother’s love and respect you earned where the original body failed, a mother’s love is the first love we know.


Use: Trinket, equipped in any slot. The spirit of the original owner is slower and its first attack is always foiled. Can be evoked to be used against other immaterial attacks, but goes on cooldown.






5
Sleep Shift
Spun of dreamstuff, it provides light armor for the astral body.


Use: Defensive equipment. Worn in any middle/bottom space. Gives Astral Projection & astral practices defense in a random direction; both standard defense and immaterial defense. Grants (astral form):


[Nocturnal Evasions]






-
Leather Jacket, Black
Features a zipper, has stiff waxed leather that’ll mold to the wearer. Tempered, in anticipation of later enchantment.


Use: Defensive wear, worn in middle right space. Armor and Weathered qualities, for passive effects. Grants:


[Shrug Off]


Resists breakage/damage.






6
Freudian Slip
A light blue dress that has images stitched onto the hips and collar, that change subtly over time.


Use: Defensive wear, worn in any middle/bottom space. 16% chance to get [Freud] selection of related options when getting a negative effect. Gives


[Raise Your Cock]






3
Childhood Nostalgia IV 
4 tokens from childhood and childhood friends of the body you inhabit. Helps to evoke echoes.


When you use a practice, there’s a chance to conjure an echo of childhood as an ally. Every action has a chance while in astral form. Grants (astral form):


[Skip and Jump]




4
Blackest Boots
High black boots with slightly raised heels. They have trodden in the stuff of nightmares.


Use: Defensive wear, bottom right spot. 16% chance to ignore ground effects & halve fall damage. Grants (all forms):


[Bad Trip]


Vs. low Karma: [Black Hoof]






Inventory of items Miette is willing to use includes:


-
Imbibable Spirits x3
Alcohol. Magical, but in the mundane way, that it makes life easier.


Consumable: Chance to suppress an ongoing effect, restores morale, but puts a ‘tipsy’ card into your card pool. Tipsy cards have increased effect if there are multiple in the pool, become [hangover] cards after.






1
Scrap, Crow Beak


This scrap of dark dreamstuff is an omen of doom, a vague crow's skull, mostly the beak intact, backed by scant shadow.


Consumable: If nominated for use before a practice is applied, applies a Doom effect to that practice, or can be used to have the crow carry the practice further, to greater effect (oft delayed)






1
Scrap, Crushed Hand


A scrap of dark dreamstuff, a vague hand crushed by something heavy, with fragments in it, shadow leaks from the stump.


Consumable: If nominated for use before a practice is applied, applies a Ruin efect to that practice, or can be used to make it damag






Inventory of items Miette is willing to use includes:




1
A Stolen Toy
The body's prior owner outed a black family that was passing as white so she could take this toy, among other things.


Consumable: Summons the spirit of the original Miette and then weakens her, or seizes brief control over her to aim her at a target to do something useful: unlock a door, break something, attack a foe, etc.






1
An Unjust Bow
When the body's prior owner led to a family being dragged from their home, she tore this bow from the hair of the girl who'd been said to be prettier than her.


Consumable: Summons the spirit of the original Miette and then weakens her, or seizes brief control over her to aim her at a target to do something useful. Similar to other items.






3
A Blackened Brand
The body's prior owner called for a family to be branded. People listened. She kept a fork, bent into crude shape, and never felt guilty.


Consumable: Summons the spirit of the original Miette and then sets her on fire, or ignites her and seizes brief control over her to turn her into an angry, flaming echo, to. handle a task or violently attack a target.






You'll generally always be able to...


8.6.* Communicate between Sinclair and Miette, calling for something to be used or dialoguing about what you're seeing. This takes time. Things may happen/move in the meantime.
8.t Evacuate the body and leave it vulnerable, astral traveling. Or snap back.
8.u Use astral traveling, bringing the body with. Long (6 moves) cooldown.
8.v Apply a layer of Wink, or revoke it and put it on cooldown if it’s already applied.
8.w Apply a layer of Blink, or revoke it and put it on cooldown if it’s already applied.
8.x Apply a layer of Nod, or revoke it and put it on cooldown if it’s already applied.
8.y Use Dream Reinterpretation
8.z Use Fleeting Images
8.1 Have a hearty pull from a drink.
8.2 Use Scrap, Doom
8.3 Use Scrap, Ruin
8.4 Use one of the keepsake items to call the original owner or manage her if she’s already around.
8.5 Use the Black Fork to call the original owner and set her on fire, or manage her if she’s around.




You'll generally always be able to... 
8.6.a Head around toward the garage, past the garden. 
8.6.b Approach the front door.
8.6.c Go to the corner of the property, to view it from another angle.






((I think it's fair to say it's not usable as a MIette assist))






((Yes, but it could be a dead card when summons are on cooldown))






Chapter 8 - The Empty House - C


The new vantage point lets you see into the house, where carpet has been torn up, and two horrors are in the living room. One huddles in the corner, shuddering, five arms wrapped around itself, hugging its body and head, with fingers gripping hard enough to tear skin. The other is more minor- possibly a milkman, by the tattered uniform he wears, and walks with arms covered in broken glass trailing behind him, pacing between the living room and front hallway. You may need timing or technique to get past. If you walked into the front hall right now, you'd likely run into it as it makes its return in its pacing.






You'll generally always be able to... 


8.6.a Head around toward the garage, past the garden. 
8.6.b Approach the front door.
8.6.s Stop, wait, keep watching.








Chapter 8 - The Empty House - Horror Garden


The garden is worse for wear, and it’s hard to say why. The plants have mostly died, but the ones that haven't are different, with stems that look like arms twisted on a rack, bulbs that look like they’re on their way to be clenched fists, and one flower might even have an eyeball that is watching you. Other stuff seems to have settled into the dirt.


You can try digging for plants at a given intersection. There’s a chance of something deleterious, but a chance at rewards or horror-related consumables, clues, or consumables tied to whatever practice it is that went wrong. When you dig, you'll get a sense of how many spaces nearby have treasures, rewards, or danger.


[grid]






((Hmmm.  I honestly applied it at random, or when I thought something would be too good, but I might just say all trinkets are spent on use))






Yes, you have spare pants.






Chapter 8 - The Empty House - Horror Garden


Fossicking it lets you take the nature out of your pants, draining them of color and power, and using those elements to highlight the garden. 
& - The left side of the flower bed has more fertile ground with the most general rewards, the best treasures are on the right side, absorbing all the nutrients. Agitating the soil draws up more of the unnatural, unpleasant elements, multiplying the danger every three times you dig. Touching the dangerous elements elements does the same, but faster.






%roll 3d3 (Health, morale, added plants)
"(Health, morale, added plants)" [1] [3] [1] = 5


%roll 2l3 (Sinclair)
"(Sinclair)" [1] [1] = 1


[12] = 12






Miette pulls back, her hand stinging. She has to fight to keep the fingers of the plant from working its way under her skin, and her skin crawls. It’s not very fun for Sinclair to watch either. 


Miette
UUUUUUUUX
++++++XXX


Sinclair
UUUUUUUUU
++++++X






3


Ring, Finger 
This ring was maybe once some kind of braided gold or brass, but the braid is now interlocking, wriggling fingers.


Equip: Accessory, can be equipped in any slot. You don't know enough about Horror practices to know what it does in full, but it might improve your Dexterity.






Where to?


8.6.a Head around toward the garage, through the yard. The neighbors are watching.
8.6.b Approach the front door.
8.6.c Go back toward the other window.
8.6.s Stop, wait, keep watching.






Chapter 8 - The Empty House - Front Yard 


As you come around the front yard, some neighbors open their window.


“I think the Hairstons are out on vacation! Are you relatives?” the older man calls down.


“They must've left some garbage out, because there’s been a pest problem like you wouldn't believe! Big, temperamental rats.”






Response?
8.8.* ...






Chapter 8 - The Empty House - Front Yard


“We're here about the pests!” Miette calls out. 


“Temperamental?” You ask. “How so?” 
“Rats as big as I’ve ever seen them,” the male neighbor calls down. “Spiders, too. They attacked our dog.”


“The spiders did,” the wife says. She holds up a finger, then disappears from view. 
“I hope you've got poison!” the husband says. 
The wife shows up again, holding up a spider that’s about a foot and a half across, legs curled up. It’s speared on a knife, and even with the spider’s relatively light body, the woman needs two hands to grip the handle and hold it up. “It screamed like a person when we killed it. Almost made Andy drop the knife. There were four more, but they got away. Be careful when going into that garage. I think they’re coming from there.” 
“Right,” Miette says. Then, under her breath, “fuck my life, I guess.”


Knowing what you’re up against helps react to surprises.


Anything else?


8.9.* ...
8.9.a No






If no...?


8.10.a Head to the garage door. 
8.10.b Return to the garden
8.10.c Go to the front door.
8.10.d Go back to the front window.
8.10.s End the conversation but loiter.






Chapter 8 - The Empty House - Garage Door


The ivory candle is lit and illuminates some of the area. A rat scurries out of the garage and across the lawn.


The garage door is open enough to peer past. Spiderwebs occupy the interior, and the darkness within throbs subtly, as if something is pushing back against the light, but the ivory candle has enough force to push back. It looks like you'll have to navigate your way through the cramped, dark space.


The light and your presence didn’t just disturb the rat by the door. It may have agitated the occupants- not to the point that they’re hunting for Miette, Sinclair, Penny, and Clover, but they're maybe more alert now. The scratching, creeping sounds are audible.


The way the light pulses in the garage, something is within, and it might be a clue. Or even the source of this whole mess. If so, the horror stuff may be more concentrated here.






Moving forward 


8.11.a Crawl under the door and go inside. 
8.11.b Nope, retreat to the front lawn.
8.11.c No way, retreat to the garden
8.11.d Nuh uh, go to the front door.
8.11.e Not going in there. Go back to the front window.
8.11.s Wait and observe.






Waiting seems to let the agitated critters in the garage calm down some. They stop audibly moving around and rustling past things. The city is quiet, and the building creaks, and when it does, it sounds more like a person groaning than not.


“While we're observing, think about practices we know about, categories, and approaches,” Miette says. She keeps her voice quiet. “Working out the kind of practice that set this off helps us counter it. Which will earn rewards, respect, and make it so they wait way, way longer before nudging us to say we should do something for the council, you know? If we figure it out and then go to Post to let him know, making him do it, it won’t count as much.”


“Remember how I said the more horrors there are in a space, the better they are at doing Horror shit?” Miette whispers. She crouches, peering beneath the door. “There’s a limit. If a place gets too dense with this shit, the local powers can push it out. Lords, or whoever else is managing power in a region. Sometimes it goes to the Abyss. Sometimes it goes to the spaces between realms. Maybe Kane wants to do this, but is worried about what kind of power is going on here. Could make it worse, or could... push something down and away, only to realize doing that cracks the rest of the neighborhood like an eggshell. Or it could be something else. They never communicate enough with this shit.”


She shivers as a smaller spider moves across the darkness.


“The flowers in the garden are changing. So... maybe transformation. If you can think of any other key words, that might help narrow it down. If we can find any talkative horrors, that helps. If we can find the source, that's big.”






Enough procrastinating... 


8.12.a Crawl under the door and go inside.
8.12.b Retreat to the front lawn.
8.12.c Retreat to the garden
8.12.d Go to the front door.
8.12.e Go back to the front window.
8.12.s Procrastinate more.






Chapter 8 - The Empty House - Garage Door


Miette steps out of her body, and does the usual check for any spirits that might try to jump into the unoccupied vessel. She tugs the tether and verifies it’s strong. 


Floating up and away, she can see the world as spirit, the solid unsolid, the world without darkness and light. The children in Sinclair’s company are bright, the yellow hooded raincoat and white dress with a few spots of blood standing out as if they have an inner glow. They are of spirit.


And inside the garage, more importantly... no echoes. That's good, but some might show up. And in the corner, toward the ceiling, is a massive hole. Cobwebs and rats with tails tangled together have fomed a kind of blockage, like the world was a body and it needed to form a clot- a bad, not-that-effective scab over a gouge. Something dark lies above. And spiders, rats, and other things crawl through that morass. By the time Miette or pretty much anyone else escaped that tangle, they’d be devoured or clawed apart by what's there, spirit or visceral. Have to find another angle.


If that’s up against the ceiling, at the back of the garage, and there’s a room above the garage, then that’s probably the epicenter.


Miette glances around, doing her best to memorize the route available to them, and spots where ambushes are likely.


Forward or back to the body?






Chapter 8 - The Empty House - Garage Door


Miette snaps back to her body- still no sign of the original owner, then finds her hand and feet again, working hands open and closed until full sensation returns. A shame, that by the time it fit like a glove, she’d feel compelled to move on, leaving it crippled, sick, addicted, or in a position to die, depending on how capable the original owner proved to be in the next few weeks and months.


“There’s something big in there. Imagine there’s a thin sheet of ice, and a spider as big as the garage is crawling on the other side of that ice. Except it’s not ice, it’s spirit. And it has a human face,” Miette explains. “Besides that, or... under that, around that, I can see a route through. We might have to fight off or deal with some pests. It also looks like there’s a route to the door connecting the garage to the house, if we approach from the back. I could find out more about what we’re dealing with if we got further in, but that’s spooky.”






Now what? 


8.12.a Crawl under the door and go inside.
8.12.b Retreat to the front lawn.
8.12.c Retreat to the garden
8.12.d Go to the front door.
8.12.e Go back to the front window.
8.12.s Delay






Chapter 8 - The Empty House - Front Lawn, Again.


You return to the front lawn. You might have to shout out for the couple in the house- they aren't watching through the window anymore. The spider has been left speared to the sill of the second floor window. It makes sense they didn’t want to leave it inside the house.


“When you learn rapacious practices, you learn what you can get away with. Probably, after that spider is thrown out, they'll convince themselves it was a lot smaller than it was,” Miette notes. “It pushes the line, though. Too many little things add up.






Chapter 8 - The Empty House - Front Lawn, Again.


“Hullo!” Miette calls up. “Can you flick that spider down our way? We'd like to see what type it is!” 
The husband hears, and, holding the knife, makes flicking motions until the spider comes free of the knife tip, tumbling across the yard. Its legs move, wriggling- but that’s only the natural movement as it curls up more.


Sinclair bends down, and pries at the shell. Within the shell are bones, which aren't usual for spiders, and meat between shell and the bones. As the shell peels away, it comes apart in scaly layers, which each unspool into black hair more and more as they come away from the body.


Miette moves to block the view of the neighbors with her body. Penny and Clover do the same.


“One of the big things about horrors is how unstable they are. I think I mentioned that?” Miette notes. “Like your whatsits.”


“Scrivening Others,” Penny says.


“If this was key or important or a big clue, I think the parts that are coming apart would reform, and we’d get more legs, more shell, more spider. There’d be more... grab, for the spider stuff? I’d guess, mostly confident, that it's more clotting around the wound,” Miette says.






Now what? 


8.14.a Crawl under the door and go inside.
8.14.b Go back to the front of the garage door where you can peak beneath.
8.14.c Remain where you are.
8.14.d Retreat to the garden
8.14.e Go to the front door.
8.14.f Go back to the front window.






Chapter 8 - The Empty House - Front Door


The door eases open, and Miette times things so the milkman is walking away. As everyone’s eyes adjust to the gloom inside, it becomes clear a horror is sprawling across the stairs, oversize arms and legs unable to leverage it to a standing position when its core and spine aren't strong enough. Knobby growths extend through the rungs of the stairwell, ribcage open, almost gnashing like teeth as it inhales and exhales rapidly. It looks at Miette, and makes a low growling sound.


The hallway smells like spoiled milk and has the coppery smell of blood, mingling with human odors and waste. There’s a hiding spot at the end of the hall, but it may be in reach of the horror on the stairs. There’s also a route to the left, but it’s a blind turn.






%roll 1d6+3
[3] + 3 = 6






Chapter 8 - The Empty House - By the Stairs


Miette’s practice takes hold. It’s an easy practice she’s a deft hand with, and the ‘Wink’ curse settles over the Other on the stair. A good thing too, as everyone ducks across the hall, hiding in the dark. The Other is more lethargic than it would otherwise be, and it’s already lying down, which she knows will help accelerate things. She hastens things with a ‘Blink’ curse. 
Hands grope past the railing, then slowly stop moving. The Horror on the stairs is asleep - or as close as it can get.


The milkman comes patrolling back to the front hall, and notices the door is open. His arms are distorted, and broken glass covers them and his chest. He apparently hugged the container of milk bottles until it shattered, and his arms melted into his chest before pulling away. But something’s off, and the wounds leak constantly, not healing, with sour and chunky milk pouring out- the source of the sour milk smell you smelled earlier. He seems to hate it, and mutters to himself.


He stops in the doorway, and shies away from going outside.


“Where's the girl?” the horror on the stairs mumbles, sleepy. “Where’s it? Have to feed her. Have to get the little girl some food... casserole in my arms, my arms are casserole, have to feed her.”


It stirs abruptly, fighting with violence that breaks one of the railings, trying to get itself up the stairs.






“Brought her milk, smoke in my pocket,” the milkman says, turning. He twists his body in a way he hasn't for a while, and a cyst in his side bulges, opens wide, and pops, spraying a mixture that is about eighty percent sour milk and twenty percent bodily fluid. The smell is horrid. He recoils from it, and stumbles away, going to the living room, cutting the skin of his face open with broken glass as he tries to shield it. “Smoke every day, her husband is strange...”


“You're strange,” the horror on the stairs mumbles sleepily.


“I’m strange, I’m her husband!? No, no, no, no, no! I’m not! Smoke a day, she complains-”


He bats and scrapes broken glass in his arms against his face, expression contorting with pain, before he’s out of the room.


When he’s gone, the horror on the stairs relaxes some. There’s only the retch-inducing smell from the cyst explosion.


“Standard stuff for horrors, not all there,” Miette murmurs, hand over her nose and mouth. “Milk thing’s more unique. Way it and the glass blended into his body.”






%roll 1d6+3
[1] + 3 = 4






Chapter 8 - The Empty House - By the Stairs


It seems the Milkman’s pacing route through the house has changed. He isn’t returning to the front hall. The smell in your nostrils has you feeling ill. Health and morale rounded down to nearest even number: 


Miette:
Health: UUUUUUUUX
Morale: ++++++++XXXSinclair:
Health: UUUUUUUUX
Morale: ++++++X






Chapter 8 - The Empty House - By the Stairs 
Miette steps out of her body, doing the standard check. There’s an echo somewhere past the wall, but it's not the body's original owner. She can see the Wink and Blink practices at work, a collection of Others around a Spider by the back door, and a horror that’s larger than the rest by the door separating the dining area from the kitchen.


She also has the option of going straight up, through the ceiling, to scout out there.






%roll 1d6
[3] = 3


%roll 3d6
[1] [6] [5] = 12






Chapter 8 - The Empty House - Upstairs Echo


Echoes are dangerous for someone in astral form, Miette tells herself, mentally. Any harm it does is twofold. 
But it’s in the way. She approaches with caution, careful not to do too much at once.


It's a man, skinny, with a receding hairline and dark clothing. He wears the kind of cheap shirt with padding stuffed between the layers. It has gotten lumpy. His face contorts. Horror.


It's a fleeting moment. Then he has his back turned. “I love you, very, very much,” he says.


The feeling rolls off him. Warm and pleasant. But that feeling is a trap and a danger of its own.


“Stay on that side of the door,” he says. “Don’t play around. I’m serious.”


“I love you, very, very much,” he repeats, exactly the same as before.


“I love you, very, very much.”


“I love you, very, very much.”


Each repetition builds up emotion. This is setup. Something in the echo is aware and is learning to use the tools it has available, and this is one. The Freudian Slip catches the middle one. Miette can choose:


Ecstasy
Interpret it as Ecstasy, clouding the senses. A tricky sort of restorative.


Love
Interpret the feeling as Love and fondness. Makes it harder to pull away.


Terror
Interpret it as terror, making it harder to act rationally, but flight is more natural.






Choosing Emotions 


8.15.a Ecstasy
8.15.b Love
8.15.c Terror






Chapter 8 - The Empty House - Upstairs Echo


The slip lets Miette deflect some of the emotional impact. It’s why she wears it. The good feelings run through her and while that would be a good time on another night, it’s tricky now.


[Meitte heals, but loses her internal gauge about how she’s doing. 
She/you can’t see her current health.] 


“What? No!” the echo roars, twisting, face contorting in the same way it had before. The wisps that peel away from the face are face-shaped, and cover other linked emotions, tied to that moment. Which is fitting, because that, apparently, is the moment the horrorfication began.


Which is represented in the spirit world. Even an echo of a horrorfication this bad can horrify.






Chapter 8 - The Empty House - Upstairs Echo


Upside, Miette thinks, still giddy from the good feelings. That makes this a wraith, so it was going to be something we had to deal with if we wanted to go upstairs, astral form or visceral. 
Second upside, gotta stay bright and cheery. Being pessimistic gives you wrinkles, she thinks. She can see the scene against the spiritual equivalent of the inside of her eyelids. A shape, darting through.


A dog? The daughter?


There is a downside that comes in the middle of all this bright and cheery upsides. That hurt, she thinks. Fair bit.


Her spiritual arm is mangled. She can shift spiritstuff, soul, Self around, but a chunk of her is missing.


Not sure I can pull away easy, either. The slip only redirected one of the hooks those feelings of attachment got into me. Others are there. So if I try to run or snap back to my body, I might not be able to bring myself to.


“I love you, very, very much,” the echo says, back turned. Trying to get hooks in. It’s not effective in the wake of that mess. But a repeat hit is coming soon.


What now?
8.17.* What now?






Chapter 8 - The Empty House - Upstairs Echo


The Token of Mother activates, and in this astral place, the impressions contained within burst outward, echo-like, and catch on the wraith, slowing it and shielding against the follow-up strike.


But it’s a wraith, and a reasonably stable one. It won’t back down or stop, and unless dealt with with prejudice, it will reform after being slain, potentially even bringing like-minded Others with it. It could be that there are other impressions of love or moments of hororr throughout the neighborhood, gravitating a few paces closer every time it pushes out.


It's slower, so it will take more time to set up it’s next strike. That’s something. But how to use that?




How? 
8.18.* What's the next step here?






Intention is you can do A or B:
A) Summon her and weaken her
B) Control her.




Good to act on the above with that in mind?






Chapter 8 - The Empty House - Upstairs Echo


It's wasteful, maybe, but the situation’s spooky. Miette uses the toy, and pushes energy into it, producing the necessary echoes and connections. 


I have six more items, besides these, she tells herself. Two good ones like the brand.


The body’s original owner is pulled forth, with enough force to disorient, and bring the immaterial through the physical, at the immaterial’s detriment. It’s the same reason Miette can’t go through walls, here.


It's always eerie to see the soul of the original owner. It resembles the face Miette sees in the mirror in the morning, but a bit younger, and three parallel lines from the hand-rake gouge its face and chest, one eyeball obliterated, the space dark past the socket, with a glowing light centered in that darkness. Gouging and scarring the soul means it has a harder time matching to the body. It’s still arguably a better match than Miette, but a few moments where it struggles to get its face and body lined up right is a few moments where Miette can get her hands or hand-rake into the soul and yank it back out.


Immediately, the soul is casting its eyes about, looking for the body. “I love you, very, very much,” the wraith says.


“Focus on that, bitch,” Miette tells the soul, and she uses the blackened brand the same way she used the toy. Violent images of flame and seared flesh erupt around and find their way to the lost soul.


It ignites, and Miette floats about, driving it toward the wraith. Both collide. Ruin Scrap, Miette thinks. The scrap follows the connection and the images join the stream.






Downstairs


Sinclair, guarding the unconscious body of Miette, ducks their head as an explosion rocks the upstairs. The explosion is immediately followed by a creaking, and a rumbling from the structure. Whatever Miette did in the astral world just now, it affected things in the real world too. The house fills with the sound of movement. Everything in the house is responding to that.






Chapter 8 - The Empty House - Upstairs Echo


Probably not what I would have done if I hadn’t been emotion drunk, Miette thinks. She’s far enough back that explosion didn’t touch her, and it was more material, anyway. She focuses on using the brand to keep the body's original owner away. If I'd been more together, I would have paused to think about how these items work. The scraps are how I get practice to affect the real world in a ‘severe haunting’ type way. 


Souls have one advantage, in the astral world - they're pretty hard to budge. If they were easier to budge, Miette would have dealt with the bitch. In this case, however, it’s like bringing the fat, brawny kid to beat on the scrawny kid who clearly doesn’t eat most days. Immaterial heavyweight. In this astral state, Miette’s the same, but there’s also a long term issue type of issue.


The wraith disintegrates quickly enough, segments burning. The bitch remains, the flames subsiding, item spent.


She tries to think about leaving, but the emotion effect wells. She’s still affected by layers of the wraith’s love for whoever it was speaking to, hooks in place, even if the wraith isn’t. If she were physical, it would be a matter of waiting until hormones, heartbeat, and body processed. But she’s not. It’s tied into her, in the same way that barbed wire and fishhooks might catch on flesh and leave enduring marks or changes in a physical person in the Abyss.


This is the bog that makes the immaterial realms so dangerous for Astral projectors.


At least this isn’t the Ruins, or these snarls would be constant and relentless.


Three problems, then. I need to untangle myself from this emotion, I stil need to finish this job- if we quit now, they might think we botched it. And...






The body’s original owner is here. Miette’s somewhat used to deaing with it, but things are snarly, with other things going on. At least it’s slow, disoriented, and single minded. 


This is a bit of a rock paper scissors game. Miette has three ongoing options:
- To fight it, which is a brief, 3-card skirmish. After a successful fight, Miette can direct the soul somewhere as if she’d just used another item like the toy.
- To taunt it. Part of the disorientation is that the right words can evoke a similar effect to the toy, bow, or brand, tying into emotions that are there on the surface. It doesn’t take much for Miette to get her own emotional hooks in there.
- To drive it back. Use force of will and momentum and move to a nearby node, shoving the soul with. Miette arrives at the node with a splash, which can be advantageous.


The soul has three options of its own.
- To circle back and search for the body. It doesn’t know where it is, but each successful attempt gets it closer. This is defeated by fighting & the drive, but puts it out of earshot of taunting.
- To assert itself. Successful attempts let it shake off disorientation, get stronger for future fights and leveraging its limited powers. This is defeated by fighting & taunting but deflects the drive.
- To pull back and leverage power, affecting the real world and potentially gaining other options, like using environment or enemies to its advantage. This is defeated by the drive and by taunting, but evades a fight.


The ability to continually fight it and direct it at targets as an inadvertent attack dog, or use it as a weapon with drives, is something a skilled body thief can use, but this is something she'll have to be careful with.


The original owner has spent a lot of time in the immaterial realms, and if it can gather power, it can call on echoes the same way the brat called on a lynch mob, and carve burning elemental brands into the environment. Items are good backups to have to reset or stop that, at least, and it’s disoriented, which makes it easier to predict.






Moving On


8.14.a Go outside and onto the balcony over the porch where two horrors are standing, agitated. 
8.14.b Go into the bedroom, where the soul is, with one apparently agitated horror in the corner.
8.14.c Go confront two more echoes, putting distance between yourself and the horrors.


Miette has three layers of Love on her - Miette is invested in this. 
She can shuck them with specific events and encounters - likely pursuing or finding other versions of the dad-echo. Until this is done, certain options are restricted/barred.






Dealing with the Soul
70% chance the soul pulls back to leverage power. 20$ it asserts itself. 10% it circles back.


8.15.a Pick a fight. Effective against circling & assertion. 
8.15.b Taunt. Effective against assertion & leverage of power. 
8.15.c Shove it somewhere. Effective against leverage & circling.






%roll 1d100 (Miette, 1-70 = Taunt / 71-90 = Assert / 91-00 = Circle)
"(Miette, 1-70 = Taunt / 71-90 = Assert / 91-00 = Circle)" [87] = 87


(First one should've been leverage)


%roll 1d6 (6 = Slip)
"(6 = Slip)" [4] = 4


%roll 1d6 (6 = Slip)
"(6 = Slip)" [5] = 5






Chapter 8 - The Empty House - Double Echo


The echoes are from two different moments in time. “Patricia!” an echo of the mother shrieks, running forward, rushing Miette. 


Terror. Miette reels for a moment at the initial impact. 


Terror: You must play two defense cards/skip turns before playing any attack cards in combat, cowering in fear. Escaping is easier.


“I'm busy with something very, very important, that door is meant to be locked. Go bother your mother,” the other echo says.


The voice is faint. “Mom says she'd take me to buy a present for Nancy’s party but she got busy with the neighbor.”


“The neighbor needs help, okay? Be patient. Now, please, please play quietly,” he says.


Distraction.


Distraction: A chance, when you try to use an item, to use something else instead, fitting the narrative of [The Big Project, Done in a Hurry].


“I love you, very, very much,” the echo says.


There’s the connective tissue, Miette thinks. She winces as the echo screams ‘Miette!’, but is able to move out of the way: it’s not really aiming at her. It's focused on a more distant point. Some of the love effect has faded.






Downstairs


The noise has drawn the sound of a very large, skittering spider through into the dining room. Over in the living room, the Milkman can be heard approaching, muttering to himself.


It's possible Sinclair will have to fight to defend Miette’s body until she returns.






Preparations? Actions?


8.16.* Any actions to take?
8.16.b Stay quiet and still.






%roll 2h6+1 (Stealth, 3+)
"(Stealth, 3+)" (4) [6] + 1 = 7






Downstairs 


“No, no, no,” the milkman shouts, stopping himself from going outside. “No!” 


He staggers back, crawling, and maybe his jittery and inconsistent movements trigger something in the spider, because it pounces on him. The fight is brutal, brief, and makes it clear the very large spider is a bit Horror. The milkman uses the broken glass in his arms and chest to rake the spider, and when he does, he creates wounds that spill sour milk and seem to pump out internal fluids and organs. A lot of that becomes pulp-covered, matted hair thick with clotted blood, spooling out like the intestines of someone disemboweled.


But the spider is larger. It tears off the Milkman’s head, which doesn’t stop him from thrashing, but makes him a lot more aimless. It digs mandibles into his chest and tears out the front of the ribcage, getting more milk-venting wounds on its face in the process. One of its two largest eyes gouged and leaking sour milk, three legs curled up, the necessary fluids and mechanisms vented out, it limps on into the dining room.






Chapter 8 - The Empty House - Double Echo


The echoes are harmless, but they're also an ongoing problem - they may gravitate toward Miette or the soul of your body’s previous owner, and they'll constantly emit those emotions, while disturbing nearby horrors. Miette knows she could also try to communicate with them. A key trick when doing so is to try to guess what events happened around the periphery of what the echo is displaying.


One echo of a mother, shrieking a name. Terrified. One echo of a father, distracted by work.


And, Miette keeps in mind- which is hard when she’s rattled by emotions, she needs to keep a handle on the soul. It’s back there.






What to do?


8.14.a Go back toward the soul.
8.14.b Push past the choes to what looks like a child's bedroom, pink.
8.14.c Go past the echoes to a larger bedroom. There may be things there.
8.14.d Fight the echoes, to get rid of them.
8.14.* Try to talk to the echoes.


Miette has two layers of Love on her - Miette is invested in this. 
She can shuck them with specific events and encounters - likely pursuing or finding other versions of the dad-echo. Until this is done, certain options are restricted/barred. She also has one layer of terror and one layer of distraction. She can shed the former by getting through a fight with the debuff, and the latter by using an item.




Dealing with the Soul
54% chance the soul circles back. 32% it asserts itself. 14% it leverages power.


8.15.a Pick a fight. Effective against circling & assertion. 
8.15.b Taunt. Effective against assertion & leverage of power. 
8.15.c Shove it somewhere. Effective against leverage & circling.  






%roll 1d2 (🧰/🌌)
"(🧰/🌌)" [1] = 1


%roll 1d100
[62] = 62






Chapter 8 - The Empty House - Double Echo


Patricia didn't listen, did she? The project in the study was too dangerous. Was it an item - something that could take you to other realms? 


“Daddy?” the voice is one of a six or seven year old. “Can I watch?”


“Where's mom?”


“She went out, I said! You're not listening!”


“Alright, hush. I wish she would have told me she was stepping outside. Or taken you. She knows I’m busy.”


“She did say. You said ‘mmmhmmm’,” the girl’s voice says, sounding as if it’s from a different room. 


“Mmmhmmm.”


Playful laughter. Miette feels the emotions in that laughter. A relief, too? The light burn of annoyance from the father. He’s trying to focus.


Then the spike of daring. It almost makes Miette take a step forward to engage. 


“No, if you stay, you have to stay on that side of the door. No games. Patty, no games.” “Okayyyyy. What are you doing?” 


He answers, but Miette isn’t in a position to stay and listen. The lost soul moves, and Miette confronts it. That's the drawback of picking the fight- it's effective, and useful in handling the lost soul, but it distracts from other things.


At the sudden movement and violence, the echo of the mother’s terror pursues, joining the fight.






%roll 5d18 (Card Draw)
"(Card Draw)" [11] [14] [9] [17] [9] = 60






[hand: Skip & Jump, [evade UL], Strange Impulses, Fade Away, Nocturnal Evasions]




This card has an effect while held in hand; it is discarded when playing any [Fade Away].


SKIP & JUMP


When skipping an action, evade a random direction, and turn a card in hand into a Fade Away card.




STRANGE IMPULSES


The card to the right of this must be played, or you'll regret it.


Discard this after.




FADE AWAY
[EVADE]


Evade all opposing card effects as if not present in combat.




NOCTURNAL EVASIONS


Evade in a chosen direction. Chain this & all subsequent evasion cards together.


On turn chain is broken, the last card play of the turn also has the evasions seen in the chain.






Miette has first card play. (middle row)




((Everything.))




((You choose))




%roll 1d4
[1] = 1




[combat: Echo in first row, Miette in second, Original Owner in third]


Miette skips, evades U]




[hand: Skip & Jump, [evade UL], Fade Away, Fade Away, Nocturnal Evasions]




[combat: 


Echo plays: [skull UL, [Echoes: pips are copied onto empty spaces in subsequent card plays, decaying 1 at a time, in order of N-E-S-W]], [skull U, star U, red skull L [On successful hit, foe discards a card, you discard this from card pool & play & you may play another card]]


Original Owner plays: [Assert Self, [skull DR [Echoes: pips are copied onto empty spaces in subsequent card plays, decaying 1 at a time, in order of N-E-S-W]], [skull U, star U, red skull L [On successful hit, foe discards a card, you discard this from card pool & play & you may play another card]]]


]




[hand: 


[combat: Miette plays [Fade Away, Fade Away]


Echo plays [skull U [Echoing effects don't decay if played with this card]]


Original Owner plays [skull UR, red skull D [Echoing effects don't decay if played with this card]]




No damage is taken, owing to Fade Away.
The Lost Soul/Original Owner (bottom) seizes advantage.  She decides to press the attack, keeping the fight going for another round.




[hand: [evade R], [evade UL], [evade UD], [hit U, skull UD], Nocturnal Evasions]




((Terror is overcome))




%roll 3d6
[3] [2] [1] = 6




((Dream Reinterpretation takes up a card play.  It lets you enter an instanced scenario, like a sub-combat, and if victorious, counters the opposing cards, with benefits.))
((On a failure, you forfeit advantage/the card play isn't effective, so the enemy maneuver is likely to go through unchecked.))




[combat: Original Owner plays [skull UR, star D, [echoes, star pip stuns on hit. Decays 1 at a time, from N-E-S-W]]]






Chapter 8 - The Empty House - Soul & Echo 




DROWSY


If not played by end of turn, triple in quantity and put all copies into the card pool.




Miette knows from experience how this works. Either the opponent fights it off, or it will eventually overwhelm them. It’s a good way to bog them down, and to create openings to use other practices- even abandoning her body in a fight.


For right now, it’s a way to slow the soul of the body’s original owner down further.


This is annoying. Miette hopes that Sinclair isn’t in trouble downstairs.






((Will wait for a verdict on your card play))




[combat: Original Owner plays [Drowsy, [skull UR, star D, [echoes, star pip stuns on hit. Decays 1 at a time, from N-E-S-W]], Inner Vulnerability, [skull URDL, red star D], [skull URDL]]


DEAL MORE DAMAGE THAN YOU TAKE]




INNER VULNERABILITY
[skull URDL, red skull R, red star D]


Shield cards protect against both visceral and immaterial, deal no damage


Can only take damage from cards opposing this one.






You have two hours.




((Evasion lets you ignore bad pips directed at you))




Actually, just realized one reading of one card would throw a wrench in this, so I'm making an edit.




[hand: [evade R, [On evade, ignore all pips from one direction this round, you cannot pip that direction either.], Soul Rake, [hit U, skull UD], [hit U, skull U], Bad Trip, Nocturnal Evasions, Dissonance]]]




SOUL RAKE
[hit L, skull L]


Can discard to draw a new card when playing another card.


Inflict a Deep Wound, and while it persists, foe healing & reintegration is halved.




BAD TRIP
[red EVADE]


Suffer 2 points of visceral & morale damage. Evade everything else from cards opposing this card & its neighbours.




DISSONANCE


Play to remove from card pool temporarily.


While in hand; pip directions on your cards are flipped, if inconvenient.




((A nested skull shield would block the nested arrow-skull))




((It does not, and it does not, and it does.))




((It counts as a lone wound and is ignored if not opposing inner vulnerability))




((Cute, but no.  Damage to the enemy soul.))




((Yes))




((Cards resolve when every other card that might impact it has been played - in this case, you're playing all four cards at once, so it is retroactive))




(Moving forward)




[combat: Miette plays Nocturnal Evasions]


[hand: [evade R, Gouge, Soul Rake, [hit U, skull UD], [hit U, skull U], Bad Trip, Nocturnal Evasions, Dissonance]]]




GOUGE
[hits R, skull URRD]


Can discard to draw a new card when playing another card.


Inflict 1d3 stacks of Vulnerable. Only deals damage if another card does this round.




Vulnerable: deals [stack] extra damage on successful hit.  Decays at a rate of 1 per time utilized, and per round (at round end)






((I'd pick the optimal line of resolution, which would be that.))




%roll 1d3
[3] = 3




[combat: Miette plays Gouge, [hit D, skull UD], [evade R, red evade U [on evade, ignore all pips from SOUTH this round, you cannot pip that direction either.]]]




[combat: Echo has played Drowsy, [skull R [Echoes, star pip stuns on hit. Decays 1 at a time, from N-E-S-W]], Inner Vulnerability, [skull L], [skull L]]]


Miette has played [Nocturnal Evasions, Gouge, [red hit UUU, skull U], [evade R, red evade U [on evade, ignore all pips from SOUTH this round, you cannot pip that direction either.]]


]




Chapter 8 - The Empty House - Soul & Echo


Miette, having thrown herself into the Soul and finding a weak spot in the mindscape and unconscious dreamscape within, manages to deliver a serious enough blow to assert control. She takes prizes from the psyche for her efforts…


3
Burned Cur Tippet
This tippet, a fur wrap worn by ladies around neck and shoulder, has adopted imagery of fire, rage, and epithets from a dream.


Use: Defensive equipment worn in the middle right space. Grants cold, fire, numb and rage resistance, along with:


[Berserk Howl]


Is both visceral and astral.




2
Scrap, Fury
A scrap of echoic matter, hot with rage and violence distilled. It grates on itself, like teeth gnashing themselves.


Consumable: If nominated for use before a practice is applied, applies a Rage effect to that practice, or can be used to spark rage in an individual, or take brief control over someone who has already succumbed to the emotion.




…and she can nudge the actions of her opponent this round.






((Misled with comments in chat, before people decided to d.erpitation in the first place, so will just cancel the opposing cards))
((Writing a chapter so next update will have to wait))




[combat: Miette played Dream Interpretation]




[hand: [evade R], [evade UL], [evade UD], [hit U, skull UD], Nocturnal Evasions]




[combat: Miette plays [hit U, skull UD]


Echo plays [skull U [Apply two stacks of Terror regardless of blocks. Foes may discard a card to prevent one stack, or two, to prevent two, as this card appears.]]


Original Owner skips two turns.]




[combat: 


Echo plays [skull L]


Original Owner plays Echo of a Branding]




ECHO OF A BRANDING
[flame DRL]


Flame icons set foes on fire on hit.


Echoes, decays 1 at a time, from N-E-S-W.




%roll 1d4 (Sleep shift NESW)


"(Sleep shift NESW)" [3] = 3
[combat: no change?]




[hand: [evade L], Nocturnal Evasions]




[combat: Miette plays Nocturnal Evasions [evade L]]




Take 1 from the terror swat
How do you allocate the two hits from the rake strike?




Evade the west hit, get set on fire twice.  (East, South).
You have advantage (two hits).  Your choice:
A)  Take an action (Shake off the flames), continue fighting.
B)  Take advantage.  Every pip played in a direction blocks the fire damage that turn, and causes it to decay (one burning pip disappearing).  It effectively takes two rounds of pip blockages before burning stops.
C)  Exit combat, draw a card and take damage for every pip not blocked.




%roll 1d10
[5] = 5




[hit L, skull UL]




Miette suffers damage.  She doesn't know how hurt she is.






Downstairs


Sinclair crouches by Miette’s body. Some rats are starting to creep into the doorway of the dining room, and the spider can be heard going on the offense in the living room.




Preparations? Actions?


8.21.* Any actions to take? 
8.21.b Stay quiet and still.






Downstairs


A large horrified rat enters the hallway, investigating the doorway, and the Milkman’s ‘corpse’ spasms, leaking milk. The milk that lies in a puddle beneath it begins to bubble... or boil.


A bubble pops, and the liquid splatters out... and withdraws, dragging the rat into the soup, where it is gradually drawn in, fighting and snapping.






Chapter 8 - The Empty House - Soul & Echo
 
The soul of the body’s previous owner is disoriented, and Miette quickly puts out the rest of the fire, the exterior of her soul burned and branded.


She can redirect the opposing soul for now, as if she’d just used an item. As part of that, she knows she needs to decide on next steps.




Where to punt the opposing soul?
8.22.* ?






What to do?


8.14.a Duck into the side bedroom with what might be an office adjunct, getting closer to the giant rift.
8.14.b Return to the end of the hall overlooking the stairwell
8.14.c Go past the soul and echo of the distracted father to the girl's bedroom.
8.14.d Go past the soul and echo to the larger bedroom.
8.14.* Try to talk to the remaining echo.




Miette has two layers of Love on her - Miette is invested in this. 
She can shuck them with specific events and encounters - likely pursuing or finding other versions of the dad-echo. Until this is done, certain options are restricted/barred. She also has one layer of terror and one layer of distraction. She can shed the former by getting through a fight with the debuff, and the latter by using an item.






((When I remember; it wasn't going to trigger during the dream reinterpretation, and I've only forgotten a couple other times))




You shouldn't have it, you're right.






Chapter 8 - The Empty House - Master Bedroom


Miette darts past, and grabs at the residual wispiness of the slain echo. Her hands, immaterial themselves, find something more solid than expected. A lucky find! 




4
Heart Shard; A Third of Terror 
Crystallized terror from an echo. Heart Shards are valuable resources for Ruins practitioners, often cultivated by Heattfishers, but desirable to most. Require a special height of emotion. 


Resource: Usable as a low tier resource, worth $5-15 in crafting endeavors. This one is 34% intact; put together with enough other partial crystals to add up to 100%, becomes a ruined, cracked, chipped, flawless, or perfect heart crystal (Terror). 




It takes effort for Miette to focus her eyes enough to make things out in the fog of spirit. The bedroom is scattered with a woman's things- a dress draped on the bed. The closet is split, half his, half hers, but ‘his’ is absent, the coat hangers empty. It looks like the dresses and things in the closet have ripples rolling off of them, spiritually. 


Human shaped things can catch the effects of horrorfication. Tree branches, clothing. Echoes were similar. There might be some tidbits in there.


Other end of the room, there’s a dresser that extends all the way across the wall. It's littered with jewelry boxes, makeup products, and more. There might be more treasure there- Miette isn’t above stealing from people who don’t need it anymore, especially if this place may end up sealed and ignored, but there’s also a space cleared, so nothing interferes with or covers the paperwork there. There’s bound to be something there.


As if saying that jinxed things, a horror crawls through the window, milky eyes studying the surroundings. It's aware Miette is there, but it can’t clearly see.






What to do?


8.14.a Duck into the side bedroom with what might be an office adjunct, getting closer to the giant rift.
8.14.b Investigate the paperwork, approaching the horror with care.
8.14.[red b] Approach the horror with violence.
8.14.d Check the closet.
8.14.* Try to talk, to the angry soul, the echo, or the horror.




Miette has two layers of Love on her - Miette is invested in this. 
She can shuck them with specific events and encounters - likely pursuing or finding other versions of the dad-echo. Until this is done, certain options are restricted/barred. She also has one layer of distraction. She can shed the former by getting through a fight with the debuff, and the latter by using an item.






%roll 1d6 (distraction on a 1-2)
"(distraction on a 1-2)" [2] = 2






Chapter 8 - The Empty House - Master Bedroom


Miette opens her flask, which she keeps with her often enough to have it represented on her Soul-self, and drinks. She's already lightly inebriated- it doesn't take much, and this is intense stuff. It has to be, to achieve the desired effect, numb emotions, and Miette pulls herself away from the hazy, vivid images of her intent to realize it’s separated from what she wanted to do. She’s already crushing the scrap of Doom. She needs to move forward. 


It’s her instinct to use her Wink, Blink, and Nod practices as a go-to. It’s why she’s invested in them. Cancel Wink and Blink.


Not fast enough. A fleeting image then...


Images of doom assault and bombard the Horror, becoming real enough to torment it and rip at flesh, while promising worse to come if it can’t get away. It screeches, and tumbles back out the window. In its fury, it gets momentarily violent with the other Horror outside.


The way is cleared.


The lingering effects of the distraction fade. And that’s not great.






Downstairs


The horror at the stairs begins to stir awake. Rousing, agitated now, it pushes one brutish limb through the railings, perilously close to Sinclair's head and face.


“Um, maybe we should move. Try to drag the body?” Penny whispers, gesturing at Miette’s unconscious body.


“Hopefully she isn't dead up there,” Clover says. “That would've turned her practice off.”


Sinclair has to duck their head to avoid long, layered fingernails that have become claw-like from scraping their scalp open. It's hard to tell what the horror is trying to do- get at Sinclair or get upstairs. It’s possible, with the horror being two melded bodies, it’s trying to do both, in opposition to one another.


Preparations? Actions?




8.24.* Any actions to take? 
8.24.b Stay put






[combat: Horrorats in first and fourth row, Miette in second row, Sinclair in third


Horrorat 1 third slot: [hit DL]


Horrorat 2 second slot: [hit R]


]




You can swap with Miette freely, after cards have been played.
These rats are a predictable, stupid enemy, so some of their attacks are foreshadowed.  They resolve as normal.]




[hand: Haymaker, Leap Away, [shield L], [hit UD], [shield URDL], [shield DL], [shield UD]]




LEAP AWAY
[evades DL]


Your & your opponent's next set of card plays don't deal damage to each other if they're melee attacks




[combat gets very complicated here and i'm not going to fully transcribe it]




QUIVER


After all cards are played each card played this round counts as an evade in a random direction.




HIDE
Hide all card plays. Any card play can be revealed by foe by discarding a card or exhausting 2 random cards in card pool.






%roll 1d6 (steal on 4+)
"(steal on 4+)" [4] = 4




Bottom rat's first card play is blocked.
Steal succeeds.
Bottom rat's second card play is blocked.
Links' Parry Thrust triggers, attacks two directions, evaded once, hits once. (1)
Sinclair's haymaker attack hits once. (1)
Top rat's dual attack is evaded once, hits Links once. (1)
Links' Thrust attack hits twice. (3)
Bottom Rat's attack hits Sinclair once (1)




Sinclair's status:


Health: UUUUUUXX
Morale: ++++++X




0
Tuft of Weird Fur
A tuft of fur from a horrified rat with a bit of skin attached. Holding it makes your hair follicles feel like they're shifting position. 


Use: It might qualify as a low level resource? It wants to take another form, if you take the time to fiddle with it.




Your side has advantage.  With March Flair, do you...
1) Deal 2 damage to a target (and which?)
2) Heal 2?




Sinclair's status:


Health: UUUUUUUU
Morale: ++++++X




What would you like to do with your advantage?




[combat: Horrorat 1 has 3 Xs. Links on 6/7 hearts. Horrorat 2 has 1 X.]




[hand: [shield RL], Leap Away, [shield L], [shield UD], [shield UR], Wide Kick, Spade/Divide]






SPADE: 
[hit D, spade in top left]


And draw a weak card (draw 2, take weaker), copying it until your hand is full, with one additional card (increases hand size until the end of combat)




DIVIDE
[hit UD, spade in top left]


Or, if it would do more damage and foe's max life is 15 or less, halve their life (requires one pip to hit).




[combat]




SCREECH
Remove an attack pip from four opposing subsequent card plays in order of NEWS; decays 2x faster if the foe plays non-attack cards.




SPLITTING
Become two copies of oneself; each copy gets half of remaining health +1 and loses a top card from card pool.  If slain by an opposing card, become four rats instead.




[combat]
[combat]




((I suppose it can trigger now))




((Sure))




((All cards))




You can declare you're swapping after playing card 4, play card 5, I'll put a marker between cards 4 & 5, and then things will resolve.




%roll 4d4 (Quiver)
"(Quiver)" [4] [2] [2] [3] = 11


Sinclair's divide and wide kick deal 3 to the lowest rat (3 advantage for Sinclair)
Links attempts to steal...


%roll 1d6 (4+ is a steal)
"(4+ is a steal)" [5] = 5






0
Err’d Kerchief 
A woman’s kerchief, made strange in texture and weight. Spiders can be seen crawling and skittering within, though there isn't a ‘within’ in this thin fabric. 


Equipment: Can be headwear or an accessory. Equipped top row if the former. Horrorfication has a 2/3 chance to be blocked, 1/3 chance to be doubled in intensity. If worn as headgear, healing is randomized (higher average), but gain a bane or horrorfication on rolling minimum, and get [White Knuckle].






Top rat deals 1 damage to Links.  
Split/middle rat deals one damage to Sinclair.




Downstairs


The rat squeals in agony, mouth yawning wide, before a large, misshapen woman’s hand reaches out of it, too large for the aperture it came from. Flesh of the rat knits back together, flat and low to the ground, to provide a base for the flailing, clawing limb.






SUDDEN HAND


Gain additional max health and 'Hand of Horror' attack cards. (Treat as a weapon that cannot be disarmed)


You have no combo, but you do have advantage.  What would you like to do with it?


%roll 1d11 (Free attack?)
"(Free attack?)" [6] = 6




[Uppercut]


The middle rat is dispatched.




[combat]




[hand: [hit D, shield R], Leap Away, [shield L], Wide Right, [shield UR], [old friend boon], Fan Blade]




The binding circle works the same way as the simple binding you learned.  If you have/gain advantage, you can draw 1d100% of a circle.
You can skip a turn to do a partial draw, but it's brief- you're busy watching your back.
(Skip a card play, I mean)


((Has to be an ally, unless it's end of turn advantage))
((You can switch with a card play.))




[combat]




%roll 1d5 (top to bottom)
"(top to bottom)" [5] = 5


%roll 1d4 (NESW)
"(NESW)" [3] = 3


%roll 1d2
[2] = 2




[combat]




INSTABILITY


Gain 1d6-2 health
Draw 1d6-2 cards
Add 1d6-2 Horror cards to the card pool.
On one negative #, skip.
On two, explode violently.




REACHING HANDS
[hits RL]


Copy this card and append it to the end of the round order. If foe has no opposing card plays, they draw & apply one.
On turn, this is returned to owner's hand.


[combat]




Dogwood Witch plays instability and swaps.
Links finishes off the top rat.  Takes one hit in the process.
Dogwood Witch clubs (prior to moving).
%roll 1d6-2 (Rat instability; health)
"(Rat instability; health)" [6] - 2 = 4


%roll 1d6+1 (Rat instability; draw)
"(Rat instability; draw)" [5] + 1 = 6


%roll 1d6+1 (Rat instability; pool)
"(Rat instability; pool)" [5] + 1 = 6


+4 health, +3 draw, +3 pool.
%roll 1d6-2 (DWW instability; Health)
"(DWW instability; Health)" [3] - 2 = 1


%roll 1d6-2 (DWW instability; Draw)


"(DWW instability; Draw)" [5] - 2 = 3
%roll 1d6-2 (DWW instability; Pool)


"(DWW instability; Pool)" [2] - 2 = 0
(+1 health, +3 draw, 0 pool)


Dogwood Witch takes two from Reaching Hands.
%roll 3d6 (Instability, health, draw, pool)


"(Instability, health, draw, pool)" [4] [2] [1] = 7
+2 health, +0 draw, -1 pool. (edited)




((Next))




%roll 1d4 (Dog NESW)
"(Dog NESW)" [2] = 2




[combat]




Rat hits sinclair once.
Sinclair hits the rat once.
The rat hits sinclair once.
The rat takes advantage and curates its hand. 






[7] = 7


%roll 1d3


[2] = 2


%roll 1d20 (Horror Bane)


"(Horror Bane)" [1] = 1




((Hmm.  Technically it should cancel the first attack card each of you want to play next round, but I didn't consider the advantage play in that.  🤔))
((With that in mind, changing Rat's decision to instead curate hand.))
%roll 1d3 (Coin distance)


"(Coin distance)" [2] = 2


%roll 1d5 (Coin target)


"(Coin target)" [3] = 3


%roll 1d4 (Coin NESW)


"(Coin NESW)" [4] = 4


%roll 1d3 (Dog move)


"(Dog move)" [3] = 3


%roll 1d4 (NESW)


"(NESW)" [1] = 1




[combat]






Downstairs 


One of the two dead bodies of the other slain rat begin to boil and fleshy foam leaks out from around the edges. Something presses up and out. It’s a portion of a face, and fights to bite at the corpse from within, shaking itself, to press itself up and out. 


It screams.






Chapter 8 - The Empty House - Master Bedroom


Having just slipped with emotions guiding her actions, resources spent and the horror scared away, Miette approaches the table with the paperwork, keeping an eye on the fight outside the window- just a touch clearer than it would be looking though the immaterial, spirit-world version of the wall. 
A larger Horror has come from downstairs, taking the stairs that are a bit further back than the front hall ones.


There are papers on the table, and it’s hard to focus on them while in astral form, but there are faint echoes tied to them. They sound like whispers coming off the pages. They seem to be papers from a separation a year ago, and now a divorce.


“I waited too long. I can’t do this any more. You're pulling away harder. I supported you since before Patricia was born, and you're no closer to finishing than you were then.”


“I am, I was. I found a way, I just don’t know what it means. I have to figure out what it means, how to convey- show my peers what it means.” 


“I don't care. My lawyer says if you're not going to support us, the judge is going to make you support us. I deserve more than I got.”


“I’m so close. You're going to regret walking away when this takes off. It's more groundbreaking than you could imagine.”


“No, Graham. I’m not. I'm done regretting, I’m done being on the losing end. When we divide the assets, I'm taking half of what's in your office. Books, tools-”


“No! No, that’s sabotage. That’s- it's dangerous. You wouldn't even know what you're taking or doing.”


“It's not sabotage. It's the only way I’m going to get anything out of the years you’ve invested into this wild goose chase, Graham. Consider this your motivation to finish fast. Then you can have your big biology win and I'll take my share of what you earn from it. I've borne the load of this entire household for too many years, I deserve that much. If you really believe what you're saying? Then finish. But in case you're wrong, spend some time with your daughter, before we move out and get on that train to my mother’s.”






What to do?


8.14.a Return to the hallway. The angry soul is going to be hard to deal with if you're not nearby. 
8.14.b The closet. There’s warping there, and possible treasure. 
8.14.z Remain where you are, try to study the papers. Say or do something with the horrors that are fighting each other. 
8.14.* Say or do something with the horrors that are fighting each other.


Miette has one layer of Love on her - Miette is invested in this. 
She can shuck them with specific events and encounters - likely pursuing or finding other versions of the dad-echo. Until this is done, certain options are restricted/barred.




%roll 1d3 (Spirits: Do Nothing|Cure Love|Cure Obsession)


"(Spirits: Do Nothing|Cure Love|Cure Obsession)" [3] = 3


(Ecstasy, not obsession, whoop)




%roll 1d2 (Is there more to be found in the papers?  2 = yes)


"(Is there more to be found in the papers?  2 = yes)" [1] = 1






Chapter 8 - The Empty House - Divorce Papers 


There isn’t a lot more here. Some notes on alienation, it looks like nobody plans on keeping the house. And she wasn't bluffing about wanting half of what was in the office. Custody of Patricia is to be determined by another branch of the court; by the fact things are going that far. Much of the back pages are pages of testimonial. For there to be a divorce granted, there must be fault on the part of one partner. He is alleged to be at fault for ‘abandoment’, and a lot of the testimony is about how he failed to attend certain family functions and wasn’t working any legitimate job.




[combat]




[hand: Draw Axe, Expound, [shield L], Wide Right, Rabbit Assist, [old friend boon], [shield R]]




DRAW AXE
[hits U, spade in top left]


If this is followed by a card with a suit, draw a card.




%roll 1d4 (Herb NESW)


"(Herb NESW)" [1] = 1




[combat]




WITCH
Target foe discards a card. Replace it with an attributed card. Then draw a card for every attribute they hold.




SUDDEN FACE


Gain additional max health and 'Face of Horror' utility cards. When drawing a card, draw two and pick one. If this horror has a face, body, legs, and hands or horror attack cards in play or in hand, reveal & play [????????].




HORRIFYING SWIPE
[hits UL]


On one pip hit, inflicts victim's choice of 1d3 deep wounds or a Horror Bane. On two pip hits, inflict both.
















Resolving card plays as necessary here...
The Horror discards a card and gets a Dog attribute card.  Dogwood Witch draws one.
The orange herb takes effect.  The dogness taking effect in the random patterns, the tears of flesh, and the hair exaggerates.  Your Sight tells you the rat horror has more Dog attributes now






Downstairs


The rat erupts, a face bulging out of its back, straining against the ribbons of still intact flesh. What little is left of the rat is screeching, scrabbling at the ground, but the weight of the face and the arm that extends out and sits, planted on the ground, is too great.




%roll 1d3


[2] = 2


%roll 1d4


[1] = 1




Clover finds a chance to get in there and strikes. She's not the strongest, but somehow her punch takes all the air out of the fetid room with its sour milk smell. The rat is stunned.


The dog takes advantage of the moment to bite it.


Off to the side, panting for breath, standing guard in case anything else joins the fray, Links has run out of steam.


Exhaustion happens in combat when a combatant goes to draw but has no cards in the card pool left. Out of options, with no opportunities in combat, the only thing to do is catch one's breath and reel.


When exhausted, you skip all card plays for the rest of the combat round, or until you've made [Cards in full card pool divided by 5, rounding down] card plays, whichever is more, usually 3-4 plays. After, your card pool with be replenished, with the exception of 3 of your better cards, chosen randomly based on their tier.




%roll 1d4


[4] = 4




[combat]




[hand: Axe Coin, Expound, Wide Right, [old friend boon], [shield R]]




[combat]






Wide right hits, position swap...
Dog hits...
Dog gets attacked.
And dog hits.


%roll 1d4-2 (DWW)


"(DWW)" [3] - 2 = 1


You have advantage and one combo.  What would you like to do with it?




Links is exhausted and not in a position to do much.  DWW maybe




%roll 2d100
[98] [46] = 144






Preparations? Actions?


Taking a moment, with the Dogwood Witch providing a buffer, you're able to draw a chalk circle around the rat, which is busy with two silent, pencil-scratch dogs snapping at it.


The circle’s nearly done when a glimpse of a spider makes you lift your chalk from the floor for a moment. You'll have to go back to finish that, and you'll need a power source to feed it. Nearly done... 


There's a possibility, though, that it’s not that simple. This is more than a rat.




[combat]




[hand: Axe Coin, Expound, Fish Assist, [old friend's boon], Axe Coin]
 


[combat]




PAIN
[red hit RL]


Attack in any one direction. Attack in a chosen direction. Take 1 damage.




[combat]






%roll 1d2 (Red Crystal destroyed on a 1)
"(Red Crystal destroyed on a 1)" [2] = 2


%roll 1d12 (Binding circle completion)
"(Binding circle completion)" [8] = 8






Preparations? Actions? 


The binding circle is completed with a stroke of chalk. The rat horror, however, begins to pull free. The power sources is needed, and the red crystal provides, but in terms of timing, it's looking more and more like you can only bind one emerged aspect of the rat.


There’s also a chance this will not hold. It may last for a little while, but it won't be like the Dogwood Witch, where she was still there when you came back three weeks later. 


What to bind? 


8.24.a Bind the rat itself. The limbs and face are liable to extend outside of the circle, capable of groping out, but will be unable to move beyond the point the rat is at. 
8.24.b Bind the hand, imprisoning it within the circle. 
8.24.c Bind the face. It's perhaps the least likely to stop the horror from attacking or moving parts through the house, but if bound, there may be a chance to communicate or do something with the horror that is using the rats as a sort of portal.






Downstairs


The horror’s head is sealed, and, heavy without the support of other parts of the body, lies sideways on the floor, tattered rat wreathing it, incisors still gnashing, claws scrabbling at floor. 


They're eating me!” the horror screams at you, the ‘eee’ of the ‘me’ becoming a roar. The entire house feels agitated, as its horrified occupants react to the volume and noise. "They're made of me and they’re tearing their way out of me and they're eating me!” Again, that roar. It- or she, screams, very much like someone being eaten alive. 


“I claw and bite my way out of them and then there's more of me and they’re made of me, they're tearing their way out of me, and they're eating me! They're eating me! Stop! Stooop!”


She's turned to screaming at the tattered rat that’s still attached to her face. “Stop moving! Stop chewing! Stop!”


The rat swells, and it looks for a second like another face might bulge out- matching this one you've got bound, but the circle glows, and that much is suppressed.


“The rats tear and the spiders poison and take pieces out of me but they won't let me die, the poison won't-” 


She's dissolving into sobs. You get the impression it may be a struggle to get anything coherent out of her, unless you can get her on track.






What to say or do?
8.26.* ?






Downstairs 


‘We're here to try and fix this. But before that, I need you to quiet down. Focus. I know you're hurting, but the more you agitate a wound, the worse it can get. Can you tell me your name? What you were doing before this all happened?” 


“Lindaaaaugh!” her response becomes a scream. She thrashes against the binding.


This isn’t going to work,” Clover murmurs, eye on the spider nearby.


“If we know something about her, can we remind her who she was?” Penny asks.






What to say or do?
8.27.* You have to give something to get something, like temporary relief or, as Penny suggests, a reminder of who she is.






Downstairs 


“Linda... Hairston? If I have this right, you’re a mother to a little girl - you’ve already been through a lot. Hang on just a bit longer and we can try and figure something out. Can you tell me what lead up to this?”


“My little girl... it all went wrong. He’s a scientist, he was making something, it went wrong, and my girl...”


She gulps in breath, shuddering and flinching at spider and rat bites from places you can’t see.


“Talking is hard. It hurts so much. Let me show you instead.”


She extends a hand, clearly exerting a lot of control to keep it still. The binding circle glows as she leans on it for stability. 


What to say or do?


8.28.a Take her hand
8.28.* Say or do something else.






Downstairs


[Tower I] clue spent. For right now, with the binding circle keeping her head in place, she seems more stable than she did, and won't explode, split, or bring the house down. She won't be able to control herself forever, though, so don’t walk away and come back expecting the offer to hold.






[Sinclair is abducted by a hand]






Chapter 8 - The Empty House - Divorce Papers


Miette can hear a violent crash. She has a bad feeling.






What to do?


8.14.a Return to the hallway. The angry soul is going to be hard to deal with if you're not nearby. 
8.14.b The closet. There’s warping there, and possible treasure. #
8.14.z Remain where you are, try to study the papers some more (~25% chance) 
8.14.* Say or do something with the horrors that are fighting each other.


[one layer of love]




Dealing with the Soul
45% chance the soul leverages power. 37% it asserts itself. 18% it circles around.


8.30.a Pick a fight. Effective against circling & assertion. 
8.30.b Taunt. Effective against assertion & leverage of power. 
8.30.c Shove it somewhere. Effective against leverage & circling.






%roll 1d100 (1-45 = leverage.  46-82 = assert.  83-100 = Circle)


"(1-45 = leverage.  46-82 = assert.  83-100 = Circle)" [96] = 96
biscuit2
4


%roll 1d2 (Nothing | Numb Toxic Love with Drink)


"(Nothing | Numb Toxic Love with Drink)" [2] = 2






Chapter 8 - The Empty House - Hallway


Taking a drink, Miette returns to the hallway, and the lost soul has pulled itself together enough to be mobile. Its first movement is a feint, using the remaining echo as an obstacle, and she pulls away, racing down the hall. 


Miette pursues, and as she does, she can hear a faint echo- in both the sense of the words she can hear coming from the direction of the office, and the emotions. It's clearly Sinclair.


She feels a stab of alarm that the strong alcohol doesn't soothe, even as the remnants of the echo’s love fall away. If they’re there, then where is her body?


“I wasn’t paying enough attention,” the echo of the distracted scientist says.






What to do? 


8.14.a Go into the office. There’s an agitated horror there but it may not notice Miette. 
8.14.b Go after the Lost Soul. It means getting close to a horror.
8.14.c Go to the girl's bedroom. 
8.14.d Go to the closet.
8.14.e Go back to the divorce papers. 
8.14.f Snap back to the body.






Chapter 8 - The Empty House - Downstairs 


Miette snaps back to her body before the soul can make it past the horrors and down the stairs. Settling in, there’s a seal, the fit tight, and an echoic pulse radiates out. The lost soul is driven back, disoriented, and it will have lost its sense of what is where, without the anchor. Akin to losing a sense of which direction is up, left, or right. If it moves, which it probably will, it will possibly move in the wrong direction. Miette knows that the longer she goes without returning to her body, the more the lost soul will be disoriented. If she returns sooner, it’s more likely to arrive faster.


Her sense of touch- she’s not hurt, but she’s been dragged around. It takes a second to get her eyes working.


They've moved, and Sinclair's two boon companions look at her, eyes wide. Dead rats are on the ground and -good god and holy shit- a large horror’s head is bound to the center of the dining room. Hands are very close to being able to grasp at or claw at Miette herself. A spider is looming in the doorway, and in the hallway, a corpse of a horror is surrounded by a pool of murky milk-like substance, with a bulging growth that is obscured by the fluids streaming down it lifting it to be more vertical.


“It took Sinclair,” the girl with the long braids says, pointing. Her finger aims directly at the darkness Miette had seen.


Meaning that to rescue Sinclair, she'll have to get to the office upstairs.


Miette considers if it's worth it.




Is it worth it?
8.31.* Name three reasons Miette would accept as justification to go save Sinclair.






"""
Personal Level: There's a bit of a fuckup clique that Sinclair and Miette are in, along with Oscar and maybe one or two others. They bought her a drink, they're not that hard on the eyes. It's an ally that would be nice to have, especially if Sinclair owes her big. If they die, on the other hand, it's not just one less ally - it's everyone else who might have been an ally knowing she'll abandon them in a tight spot. Unless she doesn't tell anyone what happened... but those kids saw everything, didn't they?


Karma: Miette did kind of make Sinclair move in the first place, with the explosion and then cancelling Wink and Blink. There are four horrors dead or down around her. They clearly fought through a good amount to save her, when they could have bailed. If she's facing the same choice, and she chooses to abandon Sinclair? It's wrong. Maybe worse, it's bad karma, which she has more than enough of already.


Council Politics: If Miette leaves now, what does she bring back? Sinclair's dead or worse and all she has to show for it is vague ideas on transformation and a biology project. Plus there's the favors they owed everyone... it's a completely bungled mission with one person left to blame for it. If she can get Sinclair out of the office, though, they'll have been up close to the heart of what went wrong. That's almost certainly enough intel to make the council happy, and it might be enough to solve this place for good.
"""




Chapter 8 - The Empty House - Downstairs


Miette stops for a moment, considering the options. Her instincts scream at her to leave, abandon this situation, and report to Post and Kane so they can do something about it.


But... it'd come back on her, being seen as dangerous to rely on, she did cancel the Wink an Blink curses, even if it was an accident, and the council would take it badly. 
“Okay,” she says. “You kids, with me. Let's see how we can get to that office and reach where your companion is.” 


What’s the best way? 


8.32.a Head toward the stairwell where the horror is draped, in the hallway where a figure coated in mucus-y sour milk is rising up out of the corpse, many-armed and horned. 


8.32.b Head toward the spider and the stairwell she knows was there at the back. She'll have to find a way past the larger horror that was draw to the top of the stairs by the use of the Ruin scrap.


8.32.c Astrally project. If the kids are spirit animals, she might be able to bring them with. But it'll be dangerous, the body’s original Soul is going to come back fast, and the state of her spirit form is tattered. With her body, she’s at: 
Health: UUUUUUUXXX
Morale: +++++++++


With her soul, she'll be at: 
Health: UUUXXXXXXX
Morale: +++++++++


8.32.* Something else






%roll 5d20


[5] [10] [19] [16] [14] = 64


%roll 4d18


[7] [7] [12] [10] = 36




[hand]




RAISE YOUR BLOCK


Block in a chosen direction that isn't up. All non-attack cards played after this block up.




TIPSY


Play to put a 'hangover' card into permanent card pool. Expires after 1 downtime. Cards between this & another Tipsy card must be played.




[combat: spider]


You get one card play to start.








[combat]


(Two card plays; what's your second?)








Chapter 8 - The Empty House - Kitchen Door


The spider is stunned. Miette has an opportunity to break away. But where to? 




? 


8.33.a Head to the corner of the dining room. It’s losing ground and costing time that could go toward finding Sinclair, but there's stuff there that wasn’t visible from further away.
8.33.b Go to the doorway that should lead to the garage.
8.33.c Go to the back hallway with the laundry space and wash. It should lead to the upstairs, back of the living room, and the porch.
8.33.* Something else






Chapter 8 - The Empty House - Back Hallway 


The laundry area has laundry on the floor, covered in the mud and fluids of various Horrors, the Milkman included. The Horrors around Miette have noticed her presence, and the spider behind her is alert.




?


8.33.a Go out to the back porch and back yard. They may not be willing to go out into places Innocents can see. 
8.33.b There's a closet guarded by a lesser horror, with things in it. 
8.33.c Miette could step out into the living room and confront the dangers there.
8.33.d Go upstairs
8.33.e Retreat
8.33.* Something else






Chapter 8 - Upstairs


Miette ventures upstairs, and finds herself confronted by a large horror. It’s clearly dividing off into the lesser, skinless horrors Miette has seen glimpses of- like the ones on the porch, and is in a mid-mitosis state, its upper body bulb-like with multiple many-limbed, many-headed bodies splitting off in the same way a tree would. And all of it is angry.


She's seen a version of this in the spirit world.






The fight is imminent


8.35.a Attack the horror with advantage. 
8.35.* Something else






Chapter 8 - Upstairs


The scrap of anger from the lost soul serves to guide the anger in the horror near Miette, and she manages to direct it, but the space is cramped, there isn’t much footing, and it lashes out at her in the process of crashing by...






%roll 1d22
[17] = 17






Chapter 8 - Upstairs


The side closest to Miette is fortunately midway through mitosis, and there are no reaching, groping hands of sufficient size or completeness on the part of its body that brushes past her.






Chapter 8 - Upstairs


The side closest to Miette is fortunately midway through mitosis, and there are no reaching, groping hands of sufficient size or completeness on the part of its body that brushes past her. 




?


8.36.a Go out to the porch where two horrors are fighting. 
8.36.b Go to the end of the hall. There were things in the room when visited in the astral realm, so there may be things in reality.
8.36.d There's a horror in the corner, guarding some things.
8.36.d Cross the room and hope the horror in the corner doesn’t follow.
8.37.* Something else






%roll 1d3 (Doesn't react / Nod drowsiness / Pursuit)


"(Doesn't react / Nod drowsiness / Pursuit)" [3] = 3




[hand: Gouge, [hit D, skull D], [hit R, skull RRD], Fish Assist [Choose 2 of: Damage, defense or special rule. (Still does least effective damage)], Tipsy, Dissonance]




[combat: horror]




((Yeah.  2 cards))




[combat]




SINGLE-MINDED FURY


This card attacks in a chosen direction. All future attacks have pips moved to that direction. Take 1 extra damage if you take 2+ damage from a card. 


Ends if combo is broken.




Miette takes 2 from the all-around attack.  Fish is blocked.
Gouge is blocked.  Vulnerable stacks apply.


Health: UUUUXXXXX
Morale: ✚✚✚✚✚✚✚✚✚


%roll 1d3
[2] = 2




[combat]




EXTENDED HANDS
[hit D]


Activate the next hand on the bottom row.




BITE BACK
[hit D]


Also copy all attack pips from opposing cards.




INNER TURMOIL


For every three pips (rounding up) on cards your opponent has played (printed or granted by other effects), activate a bottom-row card, in order of 1-2-3-4-5-6.


This card copies the attack pips of an opposing card.




[unnamed card]
[red hit R]


Kill on hit.




Once.  Let me reword, actually.
Since it's technically an errata




[hand]




SHRUG OFF
[all pips greyed out: hit D, shield UL, evade R]


Draw a card. If you play a card to the right of this, activate the top and left pips. If you play the drawn card, activate the right and bottom pips.




A single evade can evade a single pip from multiple cards.  If there are two evade pips, it would evade 2 in those (or that) direction from multiple cards.
In your scenario, it would evade the bottom arrows you've marked, but not the entire '5' card.




They'd both be evaded.
As a reminder, Miette's health is at: ❤❤❤❤✖✖✖✖✖
If you die, you fail.




((They count- already answered that in PQ discussion))




You may play cards in any position. Fade Away has one pip. Deal more damage than you take to win.




((Yes))




[hand]




ALLURE
        
Evade in a chosen direction. Swap two cards that the opponent has in play, that are adjacent.




Yes. Sorry it wasn't clear.




((Yes))




[combat]




[combat]




[combat]


%roll 2d4 (NESW defenses)


"(NESW defenses)" [3] [1] = 4


%roll 2d100 (Echo of Childhood)


"(Echo of Childhood)" [83] [46] = 129






Chapter 8 - Upstairs


Miette, recovering from the dream, is able to influence the Horror, steering its inner turmoil to provoke attacks- or bring out that drowsiness she implanted into it.


She hasn't had much occasion to use it, but she mentally kicks herself. If she can astrally project without being interfered with or interrupted, then after that moment of vulnerability, she’ll be untouchable for a few seconds. (For the remainder of that combat round, or for three card plays). The materials she learned from talked about it, and she did it early on, with her first target, but it's never come up since.








((Technically it should have canceled the shift into full astral form, or should have forced you to leave a body behind, but I missed it so that's on me))




((You still take the 1, yes))




[combat]






(To be clear; Single Minded fury deals 1, bringing Miette's health down.  Astral projection was techncially interrupted, so doesn't dodge)
Miette:
Health: UUUXXXXXX
Morale: ✚✚✚✚✚✚✚✚✚
In light of the rules clarification, do you want to retroactively change to a vote for double drowsy?




[combat]




With the damage from the rake (three immaterial, one physical), Miette takes advantage.  What do you want to do with it?






Chapter 8 - The Office


Miette steps through into the office, and she doesn’t have long before the Horror might follow. A diagram covers the floor, but is clearly snuffed out, the floorboards uneven, chalk smeared. Too difficult to read, and it’s not her field. 


Furniture is in pieces and litters the floor, or is toppled. A bookshelf has fallen, and one went partially through the wall to the enclosed porch, books scattered across the ground. A tree, branch warped, leans through part of the wall and the window, and glass is scattered everywhere. Alchemy doesn't look like it was a big part of what was going on here, but some may be littered around.


And at the far end of the office, darkness. The ground is broken, and a space far greater than the house should be able to enclose extends across the far side, unlit, with a floor that looks like a dense, dark stone, with little texture to it.


“That's where Sinclair is,” Penny says.


“Indeed,” Miette replies. “Of course it is.”


The horror has two sleep curses on it. There’s a solid chance it won't pursue. But Miette is hurt and knows she might need to put herself at risk for Sinclair's sake. She considers her options.




?


8.38.a Go out to the tree. 
8.38.b Go to the porch with the fallen bookshelf. 
8.38.c Go into the dark.
8.38.d Stay where you are, see about gathering resources.
8.38.z Retreat back toward the horror.
8.38.* Something else




%roll 1d6+2 (move the bookshelf, req 4+,  +1 for each boon companion)


"(move the bookshelf, req 4+,  +1 for each boon companion)" [2] + 2 = 4




Chapter 8 - The Office


The bookshelf scrapes against the floor as Miette moves it to block the locked door. Before it sets into place, fingers can be seen gripping the door from the underside, even though the gap is too narrow for fingers. As the bookshelf slides into place, there are hands beneath- and quickly fingers grip the bookshelf's edge.


I told Sinclair about that, right? They can crawl through corners and gaps.


It might slow it down. It might also be that the disturbance she noted in the garage, directly beneath here, was associated with it, because she could see some spider legs sticking between floorboards.




?


8.38.a Go out to the tree. 
8.38.b Go to the porch with the fallen bookshelf. 
8.38.c Go into the dark.
8.38.d Stay where you are, see about gathering resources.
8.38.z Retreat back toward the horror.
8.38.* Something else






Darkness


The hand scoops you up before you can say or do anything, and the speed with which it moves you is stomach-turning. All goes dark. The ground is hard and cold, and the darkness is filled with the sound of scraping and rustling. 
Your eyes slowly adjust to the dark, but the slowness of the adjustment is crushing.


“My husband-” the voice comes through the darkness clearly. The rustling increases, and she makes pained sounds.


Muffled noises come from the other side of you.


"Can't speak. But he’d tell you. Our daughter. Save her.”






Darkness


“Where’s your daughter? What does she need help with?” 


“Agh, ahn-” small sounds of pain become a scream of agony. It echoes through the space, and is answered by other distant screams. 
"Mmph,” a deeper voice grunts, muffled. 
“I don’t know where she was. You're here, the rats dragged me into the house, I- she’s around. You'll see her.”


“Mph rr,” the deeper voice says.


“Cure her. Or save her. Stop her pain.”






Darkness 


“Cure her, save her, end this. Undo this!” the mother, Linda, calls out, into the darkness. 
When there’s only silence in return, she screams in pain at something the rats and spiders are doing, then calls out, “Where did you go!? You're supposed to help! Help us! Stop this! Don't leave!”


She's getting agitated.








((You don't have the stuff.  You'd need the chalk kit))


%roll 16d3 (enemy movements)


"(enemy movements)" [3] [3] [2] [1] [1] [1] [1] [3] [2] [1] [3] [2] [1] [2] [2] [1] = 29


%roll 4d4


[2] [3] [3] [2] = 10






Darkness


“I'll try to help your daughter. I’m looking for her now.” 
As your eyes adjust, you can see more of her, and she’s a lot bigger than she seemed to be in the living room. What you'd bound was a piece of her head, or an offshoot. Her main head does seem pinned to the ground, still. But it's almost the size of the house. Forking hands are braced on either side of it. 
Opposite you is the father. His hands were brought up to his face, arms forking, but his fingers dug into flesh and were submerged there, knuckles and tendons standing out, fingers merging into cheek, eye socket, the sides and back of his head, neck, and more. His hair has grown out and through those arms, down his body, and the further down it goes, the more it becomes like spines, serrated and bristling. Every movement of his lower body makes the scattering of spines that grow out of his chest, the thicker spines around his pelvic area, and the morass at his lower legs pull in and out, re-stabbing him from within, or sawing at him with the ragged edges. He's locked in place, upright, arms wrapped around his head, eyes peeking through, mouth muffled and obscured by hands growing into his flesh. 
You've walked right next to him.






%roll 2d3


[3] [2] = 5






1 
Impossible Maps


Maps to places that arent Paths or Earth have optical-illusion like inconsistencies and oddities. 


Consumable: Can spend at any time for 1-2 clues, some Path related. If used on something related to the title image & description, gives a hint as well. 


Optical-illusion type inconsistencies and oddities, systems of scale that change depending on the time of day. Spiritward, natureward... as you sort through the papers, they lose information, with those shuffled toward the back left blank. You find yourself struggling to find anything relevant. You're reminded of the unsolvable puzzle. [Knots II clue] [Dust I clue]


Some inspiration, at least.






%roll 18d3


[2] [2] [3] [3] [1] [1] [2] [3] [2] [1] [2] [1] [1] [3] [3] [3] [2] [3] = 38






Darkness 


“Please stay still, I'm trying to find your daughter.” 
As you speak, a rat lunges.






%roll 19d3


[2] [1] [3] [1] [2] [2] [3] [2] [1] [2] [2] [3] [3] [3] [3] [3] [1] [2] [3] = 42




[combat: one row prefilled with:


first slot: [Play bonus Horrifying Puncture if anyone adjacent plays a right-facing pip opposing.]
third slot: [Kill anyone adjacent with less max life than this horror, if they play a bottom-facing pip opposing.]
fifth slot: [Play bonus Horrifying Puncture if anyone adjacent plays a left-facing pip opposing.]
sixth slot: [Play bonus Horrifying Puncture if anyone adjacent plays a top-facing pip opposing.]


]




[combat]




(Advantage, or forfeiting a damage pip to switch columns)




%roll 7d16


[12] [4] [16] [2] [10] [8] [3] = 55








(I think, to move things along, I'm going to keep sharper deadlines instead of waiting 3 hours or for consensus)


((If you announced in advance it would help things along))




[combat]






[combat]




ALL HANDS IN EXISTENCE ARE ATTACHED TO MY HEAD


All pips this round are gathered to this card. They attack one foe. Resolve at round end.








((It's generally reserved for round-end.))
((I could see a scenario where you're more than a row away from any remaining combatants, though.  In which case there would be an easily interruptible (stopped by any damage/effects) card play required.))


%roll 1d2


[2] = 2


%roll 1d4 (NESW)


"(NESW)" [3] = 3


%roll 1d16


[13] = 13




[combat]




[combat]




[combat]






Rat's attacks are blocked.
The Fathorr targets the rat.  The rat is obliterated.
You're poisoned.






Darkness


The larger horror grunts his acknowledgement, after smashing the accumulated mace-like cluster of knuckles, elbows, forearms, and more into the rat, to clear your way.


But the commotion of the fight has drawn attention, and literally everything in the interstitial space responds by drawing closer. Your eyes have adjusted to the dark, but the way that darkness shifts and shuffles as hundreds of tiny spiders and small rats, and dozens of ones larger than dogs- some the size of a tank, all move in their jittery, uneven ways.




((Yeah))




%roll 21d3


[3] [1] [3] [3] [2] [3] [3] [2] [1] [2] [1] [2] [2] [2] [1] [2] [2] [3] [2] [2] [3] = 45




Darkness


The glare of the candle briefly limits your range of vision.






The Daughter 


“Linda asked us to help their daughter, is that you?” ‘The response, if it's even a response and not coincidence, is a strained scream of pain and rage that echoes through the vast, empty, dark space. Where flesh has torn from her body pulling against itself or dragging against floor, teeth form, followed by tongues, and then they vent out the remainder of the scream, in the ear-splitting pitches that only children can manage.






The Daughter 


“Miette, Miette, Miette!”


The mutual call-out forms a connection. You can See where she is... or at least the general direction. Your boon companions are likely with her.






The Daughter 


Seems like we may be about to get crushed by a wall of this dark realm we're in. Maybe she was drawn in by the light, or the sound, we're not totally sure. How can we capitalize on our connection to Miette and our boon companions to better exit this realm? 
What you're dealing with isn’t a wall or a part of this realm, but a Horror so large that what you perceive stretches as far as you can see up and to your right, with curve to the left (when you're looking south; using the map, flip directions), in Miette’s direction. You’d want to get to Miette. She's likely trying to do the same for you, if she came this far.


At least so far, she’s slowed down (1 node/round) when hitting small obstacles, but gained ground when there wasn't any (suggesting 2 nodes/round).






((It is))


%roll 1d6


[3] = 3




The Daughter


Empty, you think, as you draw on the Wood Hollow. The energies pour out, but there’s too much Horror, and it’s only a small item.


Colossal foes like this Horror need to be affected by 3x the status effect or an effect coming from something of equal size/scale (such as another colossal being) to be properly cursed. You could, in this case, spend power enough for two more uses, or use three items with the [Empty] attribute.




(Do you carry on, spend power from self?)






The Daughter


In the darkness, it is hard to see shadow, but a shadow was cast over your surroundings, and with the issues of scale and proportion at play, you’d seen a horrific hand reaching up and out of the wall, without realizing it was moving to be directly over you. It comes crashing down, and while the malproportioned, horrified little girl's hand does not strike you directly as it slaps down, it catches you off guard, smashing terrain and bowling you off your feet.






The Daughter


The hand blocks your way, and rubble makes the going tough. Before you're able to rise to your feet, you find the wall of flesh closing in on you. You're going to have to fight the rest lof the way, past a tide of flesh. Linda, the Mother, is crying out, struggling to get here, presumably to help, and the father is unable to move, watching in silent agony.


With the progress you made, you need to make it two rounds before Linda arrives. Each round, you automatically gain advantage and make headway toward Miette. With


the ground you already covered, based on your connection to her, you need four rounds to reach her.


Doing sufficient damage may buy you reprieve or additional options, but will likely draw the horror’s ire. Sinclair may buy space for Miette and vice-versa.






The Daughter


Miette cuts through the darkness, and realizes the vast dark shape she sees is a very large horror. Sometimes they expand to fill the space they're in. And interstitial spaces- these gaps between realms, they have a lot of space.


“It's a little girl,” Penny says. “Horrible. She's in so much pain.” 


“Can we pin her down, like Sinclair did with the simple binding circle?” Clover asks. 


“We can do better than that,” Miette says. “She’s focused on Sinclair. I can draw up a suppressive seal. I need argumentative points.”


“What?” Penny asks, bewildered.


“What do we know?” Miette asks, reaching for chalk. She holds chalk in one hand and her hand rake implement in the other. “Name things we've found out. The more we know, the more effective this will be. The story, who she is, best guesses about the practice we did here! Sinclair!”


There’s an answering shout back. “Share what you know!” she calls out.


“And cancel your summons!” Penny calls out. “They're still downstairs! It didn’t break because you left Earth in a strange way!”


Miette, like Sinclair, can choose to do damage, and doing enough may draw the focus of the little girl. While Miette doesn’t have the horror’s focus, defensive cards will be replaced with ‘suppressive seal’ cards.


Players are encouraged to nominate information. Information gained as either character is valid.


She can practice, as well, but keep in mind that many status effects and practices need three solid applications to work.






The Daughter


[Nature I clue]


We've noticed a theme or trend of unconstrained growth, and a subtheme of specifically hair growth: the spider outside collapsed into a greater volume of hair than could fit inside it upon dissection; the tuft of rat hair we picked up made our own hair feel strange; Graham had a receding hairline and is now rooted in place by his hair. Would this serve to anchor the diagram, or should we look elsewhere? It's reasonable to put this forward. If you've worked out what the ritual was for, or could expand on that thought, that would be stronger. There’s little drawback to putting forward whatever, unless it's virtually made up. 


Broadly speaking, this is a case where having investigated various rooms and finding notes, papers, research notes, objects, and history would be very useful; to put it in simpler terms: this isn't guaranteed to be a “you have all the pieces, figure out how to put them together into a complete answer” unless you have all the pieces. If you think you have only some of the pieces, make your best guesses and assumptions. Being wrong isn’t much worse than having no information at all.






%roll 2d3


[2] [3] = 5






The Daughter


You cancel your summons of the Links and the Dogwood Witch. They'll be available on combat rounds three and four, respectively.






((She'd just draw representations of them in chalk, and hold onto them))




[big combat]




[unnamed card]


Can be damaged by opposing cards. 
Has 5 hp.
5% chance to summon Horrors of the Empty House after Horror cards resolve.




BULGING DOOR


Create a 'bulging door' at a random location on this side. Until it is reached and destroyed (it has 5hp), every Horror card that resolves has a 5% chance of bringing a random Lost from the empty house to the battlefield. This can bring dead, injured, and defeated Horrors to the field.




[unnamed card]
[hit UR]


On hit:
1-3: temp. horror bane
4-6: minor horror bane




INGROWN NAILS


For every damage delivered by opposing cards, summon 1d4-2 hands.




[unnamed card]
[shield DR]


Must be hit by two attacking pips from the same direction.






[hand]




AXE
[hit R]


On a hit, do +1 damage if the opponent’s next play doesn’t block this too.






1)  Yes
2)  If you took 1 morale damage, you'd lose 3 (from the right side of the |) +1 morale. (edited)




((You can play them in any order.))
((You'll have opportunities to kill the bulging door but it may be awkward.))




%roll 1d20


[20] = 20


%roll 1d4


[4] = 4


Hand spawned.




[combat]






%roll 1d20 (second hand spawn)


"(second hand spawn)" [2] = 2


%roll 1d4


[3] = 3




[combat]




%roll 1d6 (horrifying attack)


"(horrifying attack)" [1] = 1


%roll 1d3 (Horror bane doubled | negated | negated, assuming I'm remembering right.)


"(Horror bane doubled | negated | negated, assuming I'm remembering right.)" [2] = 2




[combat]




Now that the first hurdle is down, starting from this point, you can discard a card & skip a card play to move 1d3 spaces left or right (as spacing allows; moving right would move you 1, max)
%roll 2d6


[2] [3] = 5


%roll 2d6


[2] [5] = 7




The Daughter


Fighting your way through a tide of flesh, finding and cutting at key pieces of her- a process that requires digging and tearing through hostile flesh, you've provided yourself opportunities. 


First Star 
8.91.a Breathe; Recover 1 health, 1 morale, and pick a card to return to your card pool. 
8.91.b Seized Advantage; Take a standard action that you'd get for winning advantage; draw a weapon, use something that would normally get interrupted, draw a card to try for a free attack, etc. 


Second Star 
8.91.a Breathe; Recover 1 health, 1 morale, and pick a card to return to your card pool. 
8.92.b Vital Tear; Tear at a piece of stringy flesh that is attached to nodules, outgrowths, hands, and doors made of flesh. Choose one card in play that isn’t the Daughter herself, 50% chance to remove it. All such cards have -1 health until the end of combat (to a minimum of 1)






[combat]




%roll 1d2 (Kill door?  1 = no.  2 = yes)


"(Kill door?  1 = no.  2 = yes)" [1] = 1


Allocation for March Flair?
%roll 4d100 (1-3 = Spawn.  4-6 = ◾◾◾◾, 7-100 = nothing)


"(1-3 = Spawn.  4-6 = ◾◾◾◾, 7-100 = nothing)" [94] [88] [59] [15] = 256




[combat]




REUNITED FLESH 


Gain Regeneration X, where X was the damage dealt by plays opposing Horror cards this round.  (Can double up if one play is opposed by 2x Horror cards.)




BURGEONING FLESH


(Counts as two card plays for purposes of Reunited Flesh and Extended hands)


Create a node of burgeoning flesh at a random point on either side.  Grants +1 to all rolls and +1 choice of summon/spawn if an ally would be brought in.  Summon a hand at end of round per node in play.






The Daughter


BASIC SEALING


Play to etch an argument for the sake of the seal. Will seal enemy abilities based on strength of argument.


When Miette etches an argument, she'll have a selection of options equal to the number of cards in hand +1. In this round she has 3, so there are four options. Miette will be able to intuit the effectiveness of the arguments provided, but not which lines up with which. In this case, the arguments she can put down are... (randomly selected) 


The long duration of the Father’s pursuit 


The tension between mother and father, divorce


The project done in a hurry, something vital misplaced of 


Her role as the one who looked when she shouldn't have, entered when she shouldn't have, and paid perhaps the worst price of all


When playing a card this round, Miette can name one of the four.


Three are moderate in strength and have a 50% chance to counter, then seal one space/round, one card in foe's card pool. One is weak or incorrect, and has a 15% chance to seal one space/round, no counter.


After she uses and locks in one argument for the diagram, she can discard another to see if you can fit in something else, ‘drawing’ a new argument out of what she’s put together.


Sealing can, as it is successful, attempt to counter a card play the opponent is making; Two must be successful to counter a large play (like Burgeoning Flesh), then will, round by round, block a random one of the 30 spaces the Daughter could play cards and one card in the card pool.




[hand]




((Counter opposing cards only))






%roll 1d2 (Counter reunited flesh?  1 = no, 2 = yes)


"(Counter reunited flesh?  1 = no, 2 = yes)" [2] = 2




[combat]




%roll 1d16
[11] = 11




[Basic Sealing]


The arguments she can put down are... 


The long duration of the Father’s pursuit 


Her name, Patricia Hairston, also known as Patty


Her role as the one who looked when she shouldn't have, entered when she shouldn't have, and paid perhaps the worst price of all


When playing a card this round, Miette can name one of the four. 


Three are moderate in strength and have a 50% chance to counter.


The weak argument may be bundled with another weak one you discard and will then appear in future attempts as a guaranteed moderate.


]






((You've effectively sealed the space in such a way that you counter what she's doing in the spaces in question.  Later, that seal will change.  At the same time hands move around, each seal will occupy a space from 1-30, randomly.  If you have 5 seals ongoing, it'll be a 5d30.  She cannot play cards in those spaces.))


%roll 1d2 (Counter extended hands?  1 = no, 2 = yes)
"(Counter extended hands?  1 = no, 2 = yes)" [2] = 2




(Discarding?)




[combat]




[unnamed card]


Deals 1 morale damage a round. 
When scream plays trigger, produces a magnified scream.




[unnamed card]
[double-hit U, hit R]


Double arrow must be blocked by two pips to prevent damage.




FLESH THAT SHOULD NOT SCREAM


(Counts as two Horror card plays)


Create a node of Screaming Flesh at a random point on this side. It deals 1 morale damage a round to all foes until destroyed (5 hp). When this card or any other scream card resolves at end of cycle, nodes deal 3 minus foe's total defensive pips, plus damage the Daughter takes this cycle, as morale damage, to foes.






%roll 4d30


[18] [15] [7] [14] = 54


%roll 4d4


[3] [4] [3] [1] = 11


%roll 2d100 (1-3 = summon, 4-6 = ???, 7-100 = nothing)


"(1-3 = summon, 4-6 = ???, 7-100 = nothing)" [78] [31] = 109




[hand: Blade [treat as normal advantage, with standard options]]




%roll 1d7
[hand]






((No))




((Yes, and yes, but in event it bounces off the daughter, later, and doesn't land at a space where there's a node, it'll come back at you/Miette))


((You can think of the | mark as being your max health/morale... and the excess is basically "depending on where you're at later, you could bounce back faster/require less recovery))
((Thus, the latter.))




((Yeah.  In this case, treating it as a stationary object.))
%roll 2d3


[3] [1] = 4


%roll 2d3


[2] [1] = 3


%roll 1d4 (NESW)


"(NESW)" [4] = 4




[combat]








%roll 7d15
👀
3


[6] [12] [2] [14] [4] [9] [8] = 55


%roll 5d18


[12] [8] [17] [16] [10] = 63


%roll 5d100 (1-4 = spawn.  5-7 = ???, 8-100 = nothing)


"(1-4 = spawn.  5-7 = ???, 8-100 = nothing)" [42] [85] [81] [9] [32] = 249
🤏
1


%roll 1d30


[15] = 15


%roll 1d4


[1] = 1




[combat]




[Reunited Flesh]




[Extended Hands [Including 4 nodes.] [Devoted health skips 'star' marks]]




[Playing With My Bones Like They're Blocks In My Toy Set]




[Flesh That Should Not Scream]




PLAYING WITH MY BONES LIKE THEY'RE THE BLOCKS IN MY TOY SET


(Counts as two Horror card plays)


Create a node of Bone and 1d4-2 bone barricades that can overlap other growths and guard them. For every bone node in play, all plays and growths get random defensive pips. If two defensive pips would overlap on a growth, delete excess; growth is volatile and explodes into spikes if not damaged that round. It is fully healed, not destroyed.




FLESH THAT SHOULD NOT SCREAM


(Counts as two Horror card plays)


Create a node of Screaming Flesh at a random point on this side. It deals 1 morale damage a round to all foes until destroyed (5 hp). When this card or any other scream card resolves at end of cycle, nodes deal 3 minus foe's total defensive pips, plus damage the Daughter takes this cycle, as morale damage, to foes.




[hand]




%roll 2d30


[18] [18] = 36


%roll 1d4-2


[4] - 2 = 2


(+1 = 3)
%roll 3d30


[8] [3] [8] = 19




[combat]




Bone node and barricade, or new scream node will collapse if countered, but that's where they'll pop up.




The Daughter 


[Basic Sealing] 


The arguments she can put down are... 


Her father’s pursuit of his big biology break -- a hair growth formula or something like it 
The loneliness she must have felt, neglected by both parents. 
Her role as the one who looked when she shouldn't have, entered when she shouldn't have, and paid perhaps the worst price of all


When playing a card this round, Miette can name one of the three and discard another. Two are moderate in strength and have a 50% chance to counter. One is weak and has a 16% chance to seal, no counter.


The weak argument may be bundled with another weak one you discard and will then appear in future attempts as a guaranteed moderate.






%roll 1d9


[5] = 5


[hand]




The Daughter 


[Basic Sealing] The arguments she can put down are... 


Visceral 
Despite everything, her parents love her very very much.
The long duration of this pursuit, starting before Patricia was born, and the neglect of family because of it. 
Her role as the one who looked when she shouldn’t have, entered when she shouldn’t have, and paid perhaps the worst price of all.


When playing a card this round, Miette can name one of the four and discard another. Three are moderate in strength and have a 50% chance to counter. One is weak and has a 16% chance to seal, no counter.


The weak argument may be bundled with another weak one you discard and will then appear in future attempts as a guaranteed moderate.




((I resolved the discard first))




The Daughter 


[Basic Sealing] The arguments she can put down are... 


Her identity as the daughter of Linda and Graham Hairston.
Despite everything, her parents love her very very much.
The long duration of this pursuit, starting before Patricia was born, and the neglect of family because of it. 


When playing a card this round, Miette can name one of the four and discard another. Two are moderate in strength and have a 50% chance to counter. One is weak and has a 16% chance to seal, no counter. 


The weak argument may be bundled with another weak one you discard and will then appear in future attempts as a guaranteed moderate.




%roll 1d2 (Does the seal counter?  1 = no, 2 = yes, with the other one supporting)


"(Does the seal counter?  1 = no, 2 = yes, with the other one supporting)" [2] = 2




The Daughter 


[Basic Sealing] The arguments she can put down are... 


Despite everything, her parents love her very very much. 


When playing a card this round, Miette can name this argument. It may be either weak or moderate.


A discarded weak argument may be bundled with another weak one you discard and will then appear in future attempts as a guaranteed moderate.






%roll 1d6 (seal on 6)
"(seal on 6)" [6] = 6




%roll 1d3
[2] = 2




[combat]




%roll 1d4+9 (Hands summoned)
"(Hands summoned)" [4] + 9 = 13


%roll 18d30 (placements)
"(placements)" [30] [14] [27] [10] [13] [1] [16] [23] [22] [25] [20] [1] [29] [5] [2] [29] [30] [11] = 308


%roll 18d4
[4] [4] [4] [3] [3] [1] [2] [1] [1] [1] [1] [4] [3] [1] [4] [3] [3] [1] = 44


%roll 5d30 (Seal placement)
"(Seal placement)" [5] [8] [23] [29] [20] = 85






]The Daughter 


With a scream of pain, the mother, Linda, throws herself into the fray, at the far side of the battlefield. Giant hands rise up and stop her, blocking her from reaching her daughter, whatever her intent may be. They begin clawing at one another.




[combat]




[unnamed card]
[double-shield UL]


Heavy shield must be hit by two pips to penetrate.






((I meant to put an errata.  The three cards following Leap Away have no effective attack pips, for you & foe))
((Applies only to attacks from one side))


((You can place Links anywhere in your lane that has room for 4 adjacent cards))




Also - I think the second hand is missing its damage pip? Or did the shield overwrite it?)) (edited)


((Your lane.  Second hand isn't missing arrow, corners are visible if you squint.))


((Coin is ranged and would count as an opposing card))








[combat]




((You could choose to move less))




((Your set of 5 cards is 'you' and moves with you.))




%roll 1d3 (movement distance)


"(movement distance)" [3] = 3
huzzah
6


%roll 1d4 (Coin direction, NESW, 3 damage on 1-3, 2 on a 4)


"(Coin direction, NESW, 3 damage on 1-3, 2 on a 4)" [3] = 3
huzzah
5


%roll 1d6 (how many hands to absorb)


"(how many hands to absorb)" [3] = 3


%roll 3d30 (Which hands?)


"(Which hands?)" [6] [11] [19] = 36






Three hands absorbed, coin not deflected, stun prevents extension of track, hp increases, and card pool augmentation.




[combat]




[unnamed card]
[shield R, hearts RR]


Takes damage first.




Leftmost play by the Mothorr strikes past shield to kill the screaming node.  The two plays on either side of the shield card break the barricade.  Then they trade blows, one hand gets splattered, Linda takes 1. (edited)




The Daughter 


Segments of the daughter emerged from flesh, almost an entire version of her, suspended by strings and gobbets of meat- one limb is being chewed on by one of her own mouths, with chattering teeth, and one of her legs dissolves into a morass of hands that holds her ten feet in the air. The other mutations are smaller, eyes drifting across one part of her head like bubbles on the surface of a stream, tearing the skin, and revealing other things beneath, like tongues and bones that are twisted by her own muscles until they splinter, dragging the splintered fragments of bone through surrounding flesh. But it’s a fragment of her that she can click to and recognize, all the same, finding enough lucidity to be a scared little girl, instead of one in a blur of pain without boundaries and flesh-ripping transformation.


And that fragment of her is senseless. There’s a lone moment where you can get her attention. It's in this moment you wish you were more socially adept... many of these options (except for the last) have a varying degree of success.






Reaching Out


8.94.a Reaching Appeal to the Human - Get her to try to push more ‘daughter’ cards into her card pool. 
8.94.b Urge her to Fight - Intensify everything, but some of the attacks from her own hands may hurt her.
8.94.c Ask for Action - Get her to do or not do something - pull something back, or avoid attacking one area.
8.94.d Attempt a trigger word or phrase, or ask a question - If you've figured out something vital, or know what question to ask, the right phrase or question may have better results than any/all of the above, opening a weak point or getting through to her with more success.








%roll 1d5 ((Bad Social: How many hands are pulled back?))


"((Bad Social: How many hands are pulled back?))" [5] = 5




[combat]






%roll 2d6


[2] [6] = 8




Star


8.95.a Breathe; Recover 1 health, 1 morale, and pick a card to return to your card pool. 
8.95.b Mortal Wound: Hack your way to an actual organ or artery. Deal enough idamage to reach the next * (it does not proc) and one of the Daughter’s playable spaces (shuffling, round by round) will be a weak point that takes triple damage from melee strikes.




%roll 5d10


[10] [9] [9] [2] [6] = 36




[hand]




[combat]




BALLED UP FISTS


(Counts as two Horror card plays)


Sacrifice any number of hand cards to empower this card with additional attack pips. Then, if less than three damage is dealt by opposing cards, expand in size, extending the track opponents must move across, improving all growth HP, increasing max HP, and augmenting card pool, based on # of hands sacrificed.




[unnamed card]
[shield UURRDDLL]


(Counts as two Horror card plays)


Make 1d100 progress toward a higher form. Add +1 for every growth, and additional +4 for every node, -5 for every point of damage sutained this round.




MASSIVE ECHOES


Prime one giant slap at a random point on aggressive sides. Sacrifice 3 hand cards for an additional slap, any amount of times.






((Rabbit stun doesn't care about size, innate ability))




%roll 1d10


[1] = 1










The Daughter 


[Basic Sealing] The arguments she can put down are... 


Her identity as the daughter of Linda and Graham Hairston.


When playing a card this round, Miette can name one of the four and discard another. Two are moderate in strength and have a 50% chance to counter. One is weak and has a 16% chance to seal, no counter. 


A discarded weak argument may be bundled with another weak one you discard and will then appear in future attempts as a guaranteed moderate.




%roll 1d2 (Seal counter; 1 is a no, 2 is a yes)


"(Seal counter; 1 is a no, 2 is a yes)" [2] = 2


%roll 2d4 (Forgot to give defensive pips to cards; checking for the two relevant ones.  Balled Up Fists and other horror card, respectively)


"(Forgot to give defensive pips to cards; checking for the two relevant ones.  Balled Up Fists and other horror card, respectively)" [4] [1] = 5


(Neither matter)
%roll 1d100+12


[26] + 12 = 38






The Daughter 


Both Sinclair and Miette can see as the Daughter begins to reorganize flesh. It gathers, swells, grows, and branches, feeds into itself, then swells more. She grows so large that she collapses into herself, muscle, bone, skin, and other tissues compressing down. She wasn't succesful there, but it’s a gradual, ongoing process. Likely a process that started with her at normal size, that saw her get this big. If she tries again, even a few more times, she might become something else entirely. Exponentially stronger.


There’s a sentiment and a feeling, here; this isn’t a situation where you can leave, prepare, and come back. It was never going to be that. From the way the mother is aggressively attacking to get to her, anguish on her massive, distorted face, and the way the girl claws at herself in lucid moments, it’s clear that the assumption across the board is that the only way for this to stop is for her to die.


If you leave, and she gets bigger in the interim period, then that goal may be entirely out of reach of you, the council, or anyone.




[combat]




%roll 9d30


[8] [17] [5] [5] [18] [11] [16] [10] [30] = 120


%roll 9d4


[1] [2] [1] [2] [2] [2] [3] [2] [1] = 16


%roll 6d30


[29] [19] [4] [4] [22] [27] = 105


%roll 14d4


[4] [3] [2] [4] [2] [3] [3] [3] [1] [1] [2] [2] [2] [1] = 33




[combat]




%roll 5d100 (1-4 = spawn, 5-8 = ???, 9-100 = nothing)


"(1-4 = spawn, 5-8 = ???, 9-100 = nothing)" [51] [39] [91] [64] [65] = 310




[combat]




[hand]




%roll 1d3


[3] = 3


(How far?)




[combat]


[combat]


[combat]


[something missing here somewhere?]






The Daughter 


The last of the major barriers to movement fall. You have the option now. Chances are good the Horrors will remain in this space, possibly forever, maybe eventually diffusing out into the vast space, to do whatever it is horrors might end up doing... or to eventually die of old age or implode - you don’t know enough about horrors to say for sure. The house might be tended to by others on the council, but the state of the horrors would continue, likely without remedy.


Or you could stay and fight, help the daughter by trying to eliminate her, pushing for a conclusion, ending the daughter’s pain. You’re exhausted, though, so it may be rough going for a moment, while you catch your breath, and you don’t know for sure how Miette is doing.




%roll 1d100 (1-5, summon.  6-100, nothing)


"(1-5, summon.  6-100, nothing)" [44] = 44


%roll 5d5


[1] [4] [3] [1] [2] = 11


%roll 4d20


[13] [5] [10] [15] = 43


%roll 1d4


[1] = 1




[combat]




TERRIFIED SOBBING


An opposing skip provides conversation option. Damage taken this round decreases odds of good results.




ABORTED GROWTH
[hits U]


No room for double-sized card.




((It'll act like Leap Away, but at a cost that you leave a body behind, and it's vulnerable to attack, or the play of Astral Projection is interruptible by any damage.))




((Always goes downward))






((Patty))




((You'd need an interruptible action to go back.))


((When all threats are answered/you've played cards to accept the incoming harm.))




((From what I interpret, fish is attack & defense, no recursion?))




%roll 4d6 (2x white stars)




Star


8.96.a Weaken Structure: Look at three cards in the Daughter’s card pool and replace one with a Scar card (no function), then kill a random quarter of the growths. If you get this option again, it will be a third, then half, then all. 
8.96.b Mortal Wound: Hack your way to an actual organ or artery. Deal enough damage to reach the next * (it does not proc) and one of the Daughter’s playable spaces (shuffling, round by round) will be a weak point that takes triple damage from melee strikes.




Star 2 


8.97.a Cut a Path: A stretch of four cards, shuffling, placed before seals, hands, etc, consists of a mix of daughter and (neutral) instability cards. 
8.97.b Mortal Wound: Hack your way to an actual organ or artery. Deal enough damage to reach the next * (it does not proc) and one of the Daughter’s playable spaces (shuffling, round by round) will be a weak point that takes triple damage from melee strikes. 




%roll 1d2 (Counter Disunited Flesh?  1 = yes, 2 = no)


"(Counter Disunited Flesh?  1 = yes, 2 = no)" [1] = 1


Other way around for yeses and nos.
%roll 2d100 (1-5 = summon, 6-100 = nothing)


"(1-5 = summon, 6-100 = nothing)" [89] [31] = 120


%roll 1d26 (placement of the Cut Path)


"(placement of the Cut Path)" [23] = 23


%roll 7d30


[6] [21] [29] [24] [2] [13] [10] = 105


%roll 3d30 (rat, rat, spider)


"(rat, rat, spider)" [4] [10] [21] = 35


%roll 8d30 (hands)


"(hands)" [7] [18] [10] [22] [6] [2] [22] [27] = 114


%roll 1d4+3 (hands, mom)


"(hands, mom)" [1] + 3 = 4


%roll 4d30


[6] [4] [30] [12] = 52


%roll 12d4 (hand attacks)


"(hand attacks)" [2] [4] [3] [1] [2] [2] [1] [1] [3] [4] [1] [2] = 26


%roll 1d30 (mortal wound)


"(mortal wound)" [25] = 25




[combat


%roll 2d16


[13] [15] = 28


[hand]


(Exhaustion is a 3-wide, to be clear)




Removed:


[Wide Right] [Uppercut] [shield URDL]




[combat]




[unnamed card]
[arrow DL]


Attacks source of most pips nearby. Loses one attack, order NESW, for every threatened attack incoming.




[combat]




(This will narrow the possible range of places that hands and growths may appear, from 1-30 to 7-30)
%roll 8d20 (Card plays, first batch)


"(Card plays, first batch)" [10] [2] [9] [13] [20] [3] [3] [19] = 79


Whoop, made a slight mistake.


[combat]




LUCID INSTABILITY


Gain 1d4-2 life, 1d4-2 lucid card plays, 1d4-2 quality cards added to the card pool, clear 1d4-2 negative spaces.






((Note that if you move very far right, you will obstruct Miette's range of movement, should she want to move left))






The Daughter


“I'm sorry I didn’t listen, I’m sorry, I’m sorry,” she says, voice broken, with a head that is surrounded by hands, eyes getting gouged out by her own long fingers and dragged over to the sides of her head, making room for more eyes that start small, grow, and get gouged in turn. It’s a long few seconds before you, panting for breath, getting clawed at and gouged, hear her talk again, her voice a wavering whisper, “I want to wake up now, I want to wake up.” 




Reaching Out 


8.94.a Appeal to the Human - Get her to try to push more ‘daughter’ cards into her card pool. 
8.94.b Urge her to Fight - Intensify everything, but some of the attacks from her own hands may hurt her.
8.94.c Ask for Action - Get her to do or not do something - pull something back, or avoid attacking one area.
8.94.d Attempt a trigger word or phrase, or ask a question - If you've figured out something vital, or know what question to ask, the right phrase or question may have better results than any/all of the above, opening a weak point or getting through to her with more success.




%roll 3d100 (Childhood nostalgia)


"(Childhood nostalgia)" [8] [65] [2] = 75


%roll 1d100 (AP)


"(AP)" [45] = 45


De nada
%roll 3d3 (Withdraw hand/horrifying trip/horrifying swipe, 1 = it stays, 2-3 it leaves)


"(Withdraw hand/horrifying trip/horrifying swipe, 1 = it stays, 2-3 it leaves)" [2] [3] [3] = 8




Sure.




((Free action declared when you could make a card play.))




((She still gets hurt, but won't die))




[combat]




[unnamed card]
[hit U, evade L]


Attacks source of most hits nearby. Poisons on hit. Dies only if a hit is landed after it evades




[combat]




((Rat can't progress with hands in the way, but will move up later))






((Astral projection doesn't carry over round by round))
((Does this change what you want to do?))


%roll 1d4


[4] = 4


%roll 3d4-3 (HP gain)


"(HP gain)" [2] [2] [3] - 3 = 4


(Halved to 2, 1 from regen)
%roll 3d4-3 (Lucid card plays)


"(Lucid card plays)" [3] [3] [4] - 3 = 7


The next seven card plays will be selected, not random.
(This is not a good thing)
%roll 3d4-3 (Card pool)


"(Card pool)" [2] [2] [2] - 3 = 3


%roll 3d4-2 (Seals & cleared spaces cleared away)


"(Seals & cleared spaces cleared away)" [3] [3] [2] - 2 = 6


%roll 6d11 (1-7 = seals, 8-11 = safe ground, on a duplicate number, goes to next free number.)


"(1-7 = seals, 8-11 = safe ground, on a duplicate number, goes to next free number.)" [3] [2] [11] [8] [6] [6] = 36


%roll 4d100 (1-5 = summon, 6-100 = nothing)


"(1-5 = summon, 6-100 = nothing)" [40] [77] [9] [6] = 132




[combat]




%roll 4d6 (first two for first star, second two for second)
"(first two for first star, second two for second)" [1] [4] [1] [3] = 9




Star


8.96.a Weaken Structure: Look at three cards in the Daughter’s card pool and replace one with a Scar card (no function), then kill a random quarter of the growths. If you get this option again, it will be a third, then half, then all. 
8.96.b Cut a Path: A stretch of four cards, shuffling, placed before seals, hands, etc, consists of a mix of daughter and (neutral) instability cards. 




Star 2 


8.97.a Weaken Structure: Look at three cards in the Daughter’s card pool and replace one with a Scar card (no function), then kill a random quarter of the growths. If you get this option again, it will be a third, then half, then all. 
8.97.b Take Advantage: Take any of the standard actions one could take when gaining advantage after a won round in standard combat.






(Going to clear those reactions and let you revote after I figure this out...)




[combat]




Leftmost hand hits the neighbor, is blocked by shield.  
Daughter's hand hits leftmost hand and kills it.  (FWIW, mom hands have 1hp, Daughter hands 2)
Rat does no damage because it's scared.
Rightmost hand kills rat.
%roll 1d4 (NESW shield for barricade)


"(NESW shield for barricade)" [4] = 4




[combat]




One damage to barricade.




[combat]






Then nothing until the end, one damage to barricade (I rolled NESW earlier)
(and marked it down earlier too)
%roll 1d100-35 (Apotheosis, +25 from growths/nodes, -60 from damage taken)


"(Apotheosis, +25 from growths/nodes, -60 from damage taken)" [97] - 35 = 62


%roll 3d13 (Which ones die?)


"(Which ones die?)" [6] [6] [2] = 14


Counting left from right, that's three hands.
%roll 3d10 (Which ones die, again?)


"(Which ones die, again?)" [6] [10] [10] = 26


One hand, the door at the far right, and, circling back to #1, another hand.




[combat]


Do you want to send Penny and Clover over?




%roll 3d23


[15] [23] [19] = 57




[combat]


TERRIBLE REACH


All your cards & growths deal damage, regardless of placement. Foe may draw to see if they have a defensive play.




Which to replace with scar?
%roll 3d23
Oh, dead.
10, 2, 19, on random number generator.




[combat]




Which to scar?
%roll 1d30 (mortal wound)
...right. Rolled 25.






((The latter - probably deserved an errata, now that I think about it, but the only time it was drawn, it was blocked by a seal.))


Hands placed.
She gets seven lucid card plays.




[combat]
[combat]
[combat]


[combat]




MORTAL VULNERABILITY


Triple damage from opposing melee strikes.




[combat]




Linda
%roll 5d18


[1] [8] [16] [11] [7] = 43




[combat]




4 damage, 5 poison.
%roll 5d16


[9] [14] [13] [8] [13] = 57




[Links hand]




%roll 2d26


[17] [6] = 23


%roll 2d2 (1 = instability, 2 = daughter)


"(1 = instability, 2 = daughter)" [2] [1] = 3


%roll 1d4 (daughter?)


"(daughter?)" [1] = 1


%roll 1d2 (instability?)


"(instability?)" [1] = 1




[combat]




(You choose Links' plays)






((It's intended to be instant death, the outside cases were mainly things like the arena on the Pound.  In any event, even if it was a 'you're now at 0hp', you'd need a lifesaving measure.))
((Any card works))


((Yes.  It's why I rolled a 2d26 above))




The Daughter


“Uhhhh, look at me! Kitty cat!” Links calls out.


It at least gets a smile, and a moment of awareness from the girl, instead of that lucid middle ground where she has control over what she’s doing, but the desperation and pain rule.




Reaching Out


8.94.a Appeal to the Human - Get her to try to push more ‘daughter’ cards into her card pool.
8.94.b Urge her to Fight - Intensify everything, but some of the attacks from her own hands may hurt her.
8.94.c Ask for Action - Get her to do or not do something - pull something back, or avoid attacking one area.
8.94.d Attempt a trigger word or phrase, or ask a question - If you've figured out something vital, or know what question to ask, the right phrase or question may have better results than any/all of the above, opening a weak point or getting through to her with more success.




[combat]


((Yes))






%roll 2d6
[6] [2] = 8




Star


8.99.a Breathe; Recover 1 health, 1 morale, and pick a card to return to your card pool. 
8.99.b Mortal Wound: Hack your way to an actual organ or artery. Deal enough damage to reach the next * (it does not proc) and one of the Daughter’s playable spaces (shuffling, round by round) will be a weak point that takes triple damage from melee strikes.




[combat]
[combat]
[combat]


[combat]


[hand]




((Yes.  Be careful, though.))
%roll 1d10


[9] = 9




[hand]






%roll 1d3
[2] = 2




%roll 1d100 (summon?  1-5 = yes)


"(summon?  1-5 = yes)" [11] = 11




[combat]


[hand]




%roll 4d13


[3] [11] [4] [7] = 25




[hand]




((Aimed at?))






The Daughter


Blood pours from the mortal wounds that were raked open and struck at earlier, in arterial sprays that could knock down houses. As you fight your way through, you find your opportunities to strike out, punch through, and gouge at the vulnerable parts. 
Convinced by Links to hold back, then struck by his claw, a segment of the Daughter hangs out, exposed, and the coin serves to do critical damage to her. A momentary tearing, punching- seeing everything sag, to the point that tunnels can be seen as far as twenty or thirty feet deep in the entangled mass of limbs and organs, you see something glint, and, getting clawed at, still manage to flourish, angling your torso, moving with the flow of tearing, so the March Flair can glimmer, shine, then blast it with light.


With that, something vital is missing, the girl and the more animal, desperate side of her both slip away, unconscious, falling. Linda, the Mother, embraces the parts of the flesh most like her daughter, shrieking and wailing.


“Time to go,” Miette says. She’s on her last legs. You are even more so.


Links is able to dart inside the collapsing flesh, the nature of the Man in the Middle ritual keeps him tethered, and every step is harder than the last. He swipes the thing you saw that was glimmering, and tosses it to you, before the collapsing flesh starts to fall on him. You unsummon, because there’s no reason to leave him behind that isn’t spite, and he doesn’t deserve spite.


Miette knows where the exit is. The way is clear of everything except limbs going limp and landing awkwardly on the ground- oftentimes forming arches or pillar-like stretches over your head you can duck beneath.


Out past the gap, before flesh can bar the way. Then out the window Miette saw earlier. To the back lawn, where you collapse. Miette, returning to her body, lies spread-eagled, mostly, one hand behind her head to give her a view of the house, to make sure nothing is coming rushing out.


“I can go and get the Lord,” Clover says, panting for breath. Penny lies spread-eagled too, less of a runner than the rabbit spirit.






...
8.100.* ...






"Thanks, Miette."


 “You might owe me a grace, or a minor favor, Practitioner,” Miette says, lying on the grass. 




8
Visceral Vessel
This goblet of blood red metal is slightly cracked on the outside and glossy, as if slightly bloody, on the inside. It is warm to the touch, like a living thing.


Use: Unknown. This is not in your field of specialty, nor Miette’s.




Even with Clover being a fast runner, Kane’s place isn’t close by, and she’s on foot. So you have time to catch your breath, assess your wounds, and think about what to do. Your mental state is fragile at best, but a feeling of well-being sits over you all the same, in contradiction to your physical and mental state. It’s hard to tell if it’s the close brush with death, or if maybe you got a boost in karma, for telling the mother you’d help and then going the extra mile to do just that. 


Since you have time to kill before the Lord arrives, and because the topic is fresh on your minds, Miette outlines the basic practice she used.






You've learned a new Least practice- Simple Sealing


In lieu of a card play, you may shift stances to a sealing attempt, forfeiting the ability to defend oneself to suppress a target instead. Key, identifying, and argumentative details about a target may be listed - at a minimum of 3, but more is recommended. 


Defensive cards are replaced with seals. A number of arguments equal to the seals in hand plus one will be presented, along with an estimation of the merit in hand (ie. one superior argument, two moderate, one weak). An argument must be paired with the seal, and will act to counter (100% for superior arguments, 50% for moderate) or seal (1d3, 1, 16% chance of 1) foes. This counter-focused defense and lack of ordinary defense means it's specialized against practices and powers.


Seals suppress one card in the card pool, respectively. For foes that do not draw from or exhaust their card pool, seals may find other ways of suppressing them. If a foe cannot mount an effective resistance because of the seals (no valid attacks) they are bound.


Seals may also be used to suppress ongoing practice or phenomena. Simple seals are not very effective, however, and may amount to a 5% reduction in strength per moderate argument, or a periodic modifier to a die roll. Still, it’s better than nothing at all, and can tip the balance for a barrier or practice that is drawing just enough power to keep itself going. Each seal used in this way costs 25 cents.




BASIC SEALING


Play to etch an argument for the sake of the seal. Will seal enemy abilities depending on strength of argument.






“Thanks, Miette.” 


Kane, Post, and Privette arrive, and seem mildly shocked to see you in the state you're in.


You give your rundown of what happened and what's happening, to the best of your knowledge, the state of things, and the ending of Patricia.


“We can handle the cleanup, seal the way to the interstitial realm,” Kane explains, his arms folded, walking stick in hand. “I won’t ask you to handle cleanup. You’ve done enough. I suspect, based on the description, the worst of the horrors were too large to pass through and that would have only gotten worse. But they were spawning others that could leak into the surrounding neighborhood and region. That tide should slow or stop, now.”


“It sounds like it was a mercy,” Privette says, giving the house a wary look. 
“The favor may be considered complete,” Post says. “It wasn’t necessary to do more than scout and make first contact with the family, but you went above and beyond. Come find me at a later date, we'll see about making you whole.”


“Me as well. You're due one item returned to your custody,” Kane adds. “And a favor besides. You’ve made the handling of a bad situation much easier.”




You haven’t mentioned the goblet.


8.end.a Tell Kane about the goblet. 
8.end.b Don't tell him. It’s between you, Miette, and your boon companions.




Anything to add?


8.end.* Ask from a specific favor from Kane?
8.end.* Something else?






"Thanks, Miette."


“Links, my summoned Lost, managed to grab this, on our way out. I think it’s at the root of all of this.” 


“It looks like it is,” Kane says. “I could demand it, but in the interest of fairness, if you'll give it to me without fuss, I'll repay you in items of the same rough value.”


“On the topic, kind of, about repayment, the Little Wolves know where we live and we'd like to move into a new place. Somewhere nicer than we live now.”


“Mm, low bar. The last I remember, you were at the boarding house,” Kane says. He strokes his chin. “The Hairston’s home will, if nothing else happens, be warded from the outside, and left to go fallow. The place would go stale, neighbors would cobble up explanations as to why it’s unmarketable, and the residual Others inside would starve, unable to leave but with a limit to the sustenace within.


“Or you could take it. The aperture would remain blocked. You’d have more space than you do in the boarding house, and free reign to take what you wish, in furniture, clothing, odds and ends. If you had no interest in horrors, you might wish to burn possessions with trace weirding. The more Horrors there are in an area, the easier it is for Horrors to come about. There might be the occasional minor issue- vermin, and some mess from damage. But you could clear out rooms.”




“I'm sorry to interrupt, but while we’re talking about how things are being handled, you should know the mother and father are still there, on the other side of the door. It would be good to try. And I don’t want to take all the credit, by being the one asking for favors.” 


“Thanks, Sinclair,” Miette says, still sitting in the long grass.


“Miette and I have a longer-standing relationship. We'll work things out,” Kane says. “When we're done here, I'll have Post get a sense of how bad things are, then call for our more offensive practitioners. Delreal among them. Perhaps Tomlinson and her pet, too. If possible, and if they haven’t moved too far away, we'll see about handling the parents.”


“Hmmm. Back to the prior subject, I have acquaintances who are currently providing Mr. Privette a living space. Higher end. I think they had two bedroom spaces available?” He turns to Mr. Privette, eyebrow quirked, and the man gives him a nod. “I could call in a favor to get you in with favorable terms.”


“Or another home in the city, with a significant discount. Perhaps half? Homes run close to thirty, forty thousand. Knocking fifteen to twenty thousand off the price might open up your opportunities?”






"Thanks, Miette."


“You can have it. I’d prefer scrivening items, please. And I’ll take the house, if that’s alright.” 


“Then that changes how we'll address it. With an eye to practitioner Sinclair's needs, we'll work to clear it out and seal the door, instead of letting what remains rot. Post, would you go fetch Delreal, see if she’s available? And if you could get the fairies on task, to cloud the way? Maybe a spell of occluding weather. I trust Privette to start sealing.”


“I think I’m going to go sleep and drink in the hopes some of what I saw today is scrubbed from my brain,” Miette says. “Lord Kane, if Sinclair and I were to look at our meager supplies from this and divvy things up, as is custom, would you broker? I think a lot of this will be of more interest to me than it is to them. I’ve got a few things lying around to make you even, if you don’t want the weird stuff as much.”


“I will.” 


There’s a bit of back and forth on that front. You can take up to half the value. If there’s an item you don’t want, you can give it to Kane for something of lesser value, of a loose type.






[items:


Ring, Finger [Miette is Indifferent]


Burned Cur Tippet [Miette Wants This]


Heart Shard; A Third of Terror [Miette Wants This]


Tuft of Weird Fur [Miette is Indifferent]


Err'd Kerchief [Miette is Indifferent]




((You could do it here, but if it's something that could bite you or do morale damage...))




((You can ask for an item from a loose category.  ie. a specific field or 'a power source' like before.))




((As you find Horror stuff, you can decide if you want to keep it or burn it, depending on your individual tolerance levels.  I don't imagine two items is going to make or break the difference at this stage.))






[DOWNTIME VIII]






%roll 9d3
[1] [3] [2] [1] [1] [2] [2] [2] [1] = 15


%roll 14d3
[3] [2] [1] [3] [1] [2] [1] [1] [2] [2] [2] [3] [2] [1] = 26




"Thanks, Miette."


You uncovered the most basic elements of the backstory, as to how this happened.


[Visceral II clue]


You defended Miette’s body successfully against a horde. 


[Rat I clue] [Horror I clue] [Rat II clue]


You saw the Dogwood Witch be destabilized by the instability of horrors. It’s likely there’s something to this, that could be investigated or experimented with. 


[Instability I clue] [Horror I clue]


You played a part in binding a segment of a greater Other. 


[Binding I clue]


You entered the Interstitial space. 


[Gap I clue]






You fought a colossal Other, the Daughter. 


[Visceral I clue] [Maiden I clue]


You played a part in the sealing of that colossal Other.


[Sealing II clue]


You saw eleven types of horror.


[Rat I clue] [Horror I clue]


You saw things through to a conclusion. 


[Realms III clue] OR [Visceral III clue] OR [Maiden III clue]






%roll 1d2
[2] = 2






“Thanks, Miette.” 


[Rat I clue] [Rat I clue] [Maiden I clue] [Gap I clue] [Horror I clue] [Horror I clue] [Binding I clue] [Scrivening I clue] [Visceral I clue] 
[RatII clue] [Sealing II clue] [Horror II clue] [Visceral II clue]
[Realms III clue]




%roll 1d3
[1] = 1


%roll 1d20
[10] = 10


%roll 1d117
[46] = 46








%roll 4d3
[1] [2] [1] [2] = 6




"Thanks, Miette."


It will be a little while before you can get access to the house. The rewards for the items will have to wait until you can visit Post and Kane - you have Post’s number, so you can make a single visit to get that done, later.


In the meantime, you return to your familiar room, feeling like it’s been a long time away. The Lost you've nicknamed ‘Dodo Boy’ has left what looks like a small bundle of mail tied with a cord, except it periodically shuffles itself or rustles, moving across the desk. 




1
Missives in Transit
A collection of messages and letters from bottles, blown by wind, etc., on thier way when they clumped together. Ready to continue after being read for ideas.


Consumable: Use to get 1-2 clues, often related to the topic, or spend in relation to the title/theme to get a basic hint in addition to the clues.




You're a bit worse for wear, and from there, you return to work, flinching at loud noises, hurting from a dozen cuts, scratches, bites, bruises, and injuries a human should not be able to have. 


UXXXXXXXX
+XXXXXX




-# Item cooldowns reduced.  
-# Herbs checked.
-# Boon check: +1 progress for coin.  Snoon wasn't used.  Black Suits You wasn't used.  
-# No corkboard business.






"Thanks, Miette."


The urges and Fostering is back, albeit reduced from the therapy session... 


[Fostering (Minor)] 


But, on the upside, you definitely feel more adept at fighting... (Pick two to combine) 


[hit L] [shield R] [shield U] [shield L]


your mom has sent you Scribblings of an Old Friend, you have pay from your books: $1.80 from the field notes and $8.45 from the research paper on Cross-Ivoried.




-# Your new book is in the player doc.
-# You have $22.22




%roll 1d2
[2] = 2






Chapter 8 - Interlude 
You dream of being taken by the horror, dragged into the darkness. The fingers drag through your flesh in the process, turning you into a horror. You wake uneasy and restless.


The Runaway part of you wants to stretch your legs and visit a place you haven't been before.






How do you spend your downtime? 


8.i.1.a Explore a location known to you. 
8.i.1.b Shopping to go see what's available in stores (or call the Gadsens to buy a book from them) 
8.i.1.e Reading, reading a book to make some headway. You're best at reading Paths and Scrivening texts. 
8.i.1.f Surveil, stalking and watching a person, place, or thing, or spend a while observing and interacting with a thing. 
8.i.1.g Investigate, reading, making calls, and doing background research to tackle the mysteries and hand, for a safe but sure way to build up your knowledge about the puzzles before you. 
8.i.1.h i Research, with research not requiring a downtime slot, just this downtime. You'll want to name what you're researching. 
8.i.1.j Ritual, performing a ritual you know. 
8.i.1.k Craft, make something 
8.i.1.l Organize, reach out to your family unit or another group you're part of. Includes meeting with your current band of allies. 
8.i.1.m Do two different Half Actions to fill one downtime slot: 
> Basic First Aid - Heal a heart.
> Light Relaxation - Heal a morale
> Light Socialization - Spend time with someone, observations & maintenance on a relationship. Or go on a date.
> Maintenance - Clean your home/workspace, check wards and do general upkeep.
> Skim Read - Lightly peruse some material for a 1d3 reading roll.
> Work - Earn some money (see your Assets page for how much)
8.i.1.n Runaway’s Explore, exploring someplace new.






Chapter 8 - Interlude


There’s a few people organizing at the Lord’s place, so soon after the whole business with the Empty House. You get the impression preliminary work was done to keep things in bounds, and people have gathered to compare notes and figure out what needs doing.


You recognize the faces of Kane, Post, and Privette, who are having tea together with a fourth unknown face, a bit doughy looking, like a kid with a lot of baby fat and immature features who never lost neither fat nor got any definition in his face - something he compensates for with a beard. The man’s neck bulges around a too-tight collar, and he looks like the activity of earlier in the day has caused sweat to soak through his clothing. He’s made a point of sitting by an open window with an air rune drawn on the sill.


Miette is with a young man, well-dressed, straight-backed, with an outfit that looks almost like a riding uniform, and the demeanor of a man of noble bearing, but his orange hair is tousled, and his eyebrow quirked.


“Sinclair,” Kane says, standing. “There’s some pineapple upside-down cake if you’d like, and tea. If you or your companions would like something, I think my house manager is stopping in regularly. You can ask him. My various servants are being cleaned and maintained, so he’s looking after more mundane duties. I don’t believe you’ve met Dorsey, unless you've run into him in your day-to-day. No?”


“I'm often away,” Dorsey explains. “I see to various bindings and seals in the vicinity, though warding is more my specialty, and I set up for that too. Mostly, however, I’ve made it a habit to stay with a friend or at a cabin, and enjoy an ongoing vacation punctuated by terror. I swing back through here regularly enough, to get new books and supplies.”






“He’s paid to upkeep those things,” Miette says. “Lucky sod.” “And you may or may not have met Ronnie.” 


“Not,” Ronnie says, with a wry tone. “Thank you for keeping our Miette alive, Sinclair.” 


“Ronnie is a Staten,” Privette says, with a note of emphasis. “Though I’m not sure how much he hews to the family name.”


“I did very well at my school and I’ve earned the leeway to be a scoundrel for a few years. I think they expect me to return with a wife, or a girl accidentally pregnant and ready to be wed, in any event,” he smiles, glancing at Miette.


“Don’t look at me, Ronnie Staten. If someone gets a body of mine with child, I’m tossing it aside and leaving it for whatever soul wants it, or wants it back.”


I gather you're here for your things?” Kane asks you. “Have you paid any mind to what you'd like? You were musing aloud about a text on horrors. I got that out earlier, I’m not sure who borrowed it to refresh themselves.”


“I left it on the edge of the pool table, I think,” Ronnie says, walking over to fetch it.


“Anything else? We could talk in private, or if you brought it up aloud, there’s a chance someone here has something. We could do an exchange, if they're willing to provide something you need to you, I'll supply them in turn.”






Chapter 8 - Interlude


Thank you. I'm Sinclair, Paths practitioner, for those I haven't met. I'm mainly coming here for the items - I think something to do with Scrivening 


Kane gives you a look that can only be described as sympathetic. “A text for a ring? No. We should perhaps have a sit-down in less busy times, to talk about the value of an item. Or a text.”


“Don’t try to shortchange a Lord that’s all about magic items,” Ronnie says.


Kane holds the book Ronnie gave him. “Hands in Hindsight, a text about Horrors throughout history... or the lack of them. Most other Others have a pedigree that can be traced back. Is how we conduct the practice today producing these problems? Is it as they say, with the coal in the air, heating the planet?”


“Perish the thought. I hope not,” Privette says. “I'd rather think it's the unregulated, unsanctioned practice. I am not trying to ingratiate myself in saying this, nor assume importance, this is simply how I view the facts- I do believe this is why we need Lordships and practice schools. It’s the unsanctioned and those stumbling onto Others and the practice who cause the biggest messes.” 


“Greater population in a smaller area, more history, for things to be left behind to find, it’s only natural people stumble onto things,” Dorsey says. “I think it must be accepted as a fact of life of the current era.”


“There is another in my library, if you’d rather have that. I’m not sure how the title is meant to be read, two words intersect at the ‘o’. “Folding/Holding Hands. Horrors and the distorted connections between one another and others, and the when and how of them merging into a single being.”






Chapter 8 - Interlude 


“Scrivening, though. Much like Horrors, that’s not a common course that people take the practice. We were discussing it a bit earlier,” Kane says.


“How would you describe it? In your own words?” Privette asks. “It might spark some thoughts, reminding us of things we’ve found and put away.”






Chapter 8 - Interlude


"I'd describe it as the study of how ideas and symbols spread. You know how a phrase or an image sticks in your mind, like an earworm someone started singing on the job? Scrivening Others and things almost embody that--they're motifs intent on sticking, and intent on spreading. Some are chaotic, but some can be more like narratives. It's connected to a lot of fields -- Lynch mentioned dealing with Urban Legends, in the context of the Abyss, but they can also come from Spirit, or Paths, in my case. Because they alter the world around them, bringing their symbols to the forefront, they're helpful for the mutable parts of the Paths."


“Spreading ideas. That reminds me of some oddities I’ve found,” Dorsey says. wy “They aren't here and they'd have to wait a little while before I sent them, but I might have my notes... here.” 




6
SCAMPERSAND
This glyph came detached from whatever surface it was written on. Part of a larger segment that was likely destroyed.


Use: Requires power to use. 50% chance to be consumed. Slowly manifests an item of the same set as another set you know of, up to value 6, but consumes the next X consumables you'd gain until total value adds up to the item’s value. 0 to 25 future (nonconsecutive) items you find will be replaced with Scampersands. 




7
DUS DIASPORA 
Appears to be slashes or brushstrokes of ink striking out from a central puddle. If stepped on, wrap around feet as sandals.


Equipment: Occupies bottom-right equip slot. Also occupies a center-column mastery slot when worn Leaves slots temporarily unusable if taken off. Has a progression mechanic. Part of a set. Significantly upgrade all combat cards with feet depicted. Can hop to nearby node once per expedition, if you have route to walk there. Grants:


[Four Kicks] [Vault] [Fade Away]




“That second one generates its own sister items by some metric I couldn’t discover,” Dorsey tells you. “I didn’t try, because I had no intention of using it.”


“That reminds me,” Ronnie says, reading over your shoulder. “Nothing as fancy as that, but I've got an item that acts funny like that. I don’t know enough about this to give you a writeup like that. Changes the function of other items you wear about the head. I wouldn’t value it highly. I'd be willing to trade it to you.” [Ronnie wants two value 2 or 3 items in lexchange. You could visit him at some point to see it in advance, or buy blind.]






"I can summon one I bound, as an example, but she might still be unstable. She's good, but it seems like being around the horrors put her out of sorts."


“I think, given circumstances, it’s best not to,” Kane said. “We've already got one situation to keep contained.”


[Make sure the girls (and DWW, if applicable) have slices]


You partake of cake, as do the girls. 


Health: UXXXXXXXX 
Morale: ++XXXXX 


“What else might you be interested in?” Kane asks. “That might be the limit of what we have for a niche field.”




((Yes, no))




((Choose set.  Not item value/type.))




Chapter 8 - Interlude 


Ask about counter-surveillance or warding -- ways to avoid or discourage attention from hostile forces 


“For Wards? Dorsey might know some.”


“Few I’m willing to spare. A tool I use lets me put all the warding items I have inside it to project a united effect. I'd prefer to keep that option robust, more than get any political currency.”


After some discussion, people nominate the followingb






2 
Ahriman Statuette 
A statuette of a bat-winged figure, made of mutlicolored wood, embracing a gem that sometimes changes type and color.


Asset: Provides a brief obfuscation effect (1d3 downtime actions; leftover counts for 2x the. amount of supply-consuming actions in downtime). Renews every time a practice of a different field is utilized. Higher end practices give a bonus. Very long cooldown.




5
Glint of the Eye 
A dark crystal ball with a spark within that swells and brightens as it's looked at. Sensitivty can be set by rotating the piece that holds it in place meets the stand. 


Asset: Responds to clairvoyance and general augury, brightening until causing some asset of the augur's to catastrophically break, also causes some damage to the target's space (flooding, fire, etc.). Can be set to respond to any observation, say, when leaving a locked space. Increase overload tolerance by 5, with choice of [this activates] as an overflow cost. 




3
Terrible Monkey 
A taxidermied, black-furred monkey, biting its own erect penis. Very creepy and frazzled looking, with wide eyes Its position changes when not looked at. It is awful and loud at night.


Asset: Can be activated with an expenditure of power. Follows those who follow the owner. Will do one each of stealing, draining power from something (covering its next use), distracting, humiliating. Then goes on cooldown based on the number of things it could not accomplish.




1
Signet of Obscurity
A glyph etched into stone. Very old, apparently. The glyph wes apparently made by an old culture with an unusually vertical representation for eyes.


Use: Produces fog or a tum of weather (delayed if weather is ill-fitting) that lets one lose a tail or undertake a downtime action or 2 nodes of action without being observed. Puts one item one ‘owns on cooldown. Has a 3 excursion cooldown that only ticks down by making random other items one owns not refresh off cooldown.






((You only get the verbal descriptions at this point.  IIRC, the other write-ups you got were in a subject you were familiar with, so you get a bit of a bonus there.))




((Value 5))


((The latter))




((As an asset it's not really meant to be carried around.  It'd take up multiple inventory spots.))




((Different from any of the others used prior.))
((For that activation))




((Note that that's not 4 supply nodes of LW delay.  It's 4 moves that your actions will be obscured.))






Chapter 8 - Interlude


“That'll do, for the brokering of item trades between you and Miette, and the trade of the Visceral Vessel to me,” Kane tells you. 


[Ahriman Statuette] [DUS DIASPORA (due in 1 Downtime)] [Signet of Obscurity]


“Do you have something in mind that you want to ask from me?” Post asks.






Chapter 8 - Interlude 


“Do you have any [Items/Practices/Assets] that help with traveling, being more capable of taking on longer and more demanding journeys?” 


"There are a fair few things I know, but only a few I could give or teach. It's a good question to ask me. If you have more thoughts, research, items on the subject, you could bring them to me for discussion. In the meantime... "


5
Wraps of Gold Wheat
Light yellow wraps worn wrapped around hands or feet. The frayed edges of the braided thread look like heads of wheat.


Equip: Worm in NW (face), SW (glove), or NE (boot) spot. Link & Unite two adjacent items with multiple options: 
> Face: When eating, drinking, or healing, health & supply equalize 1. 
> Hands: Every 3 victories in martial combat, restore 1 for lower of health vs. supply. 
> Foot: When dropping beneath 50% health or supply, once per expedition, fully equalize the values.


Grants (hand/foot): [Bend / Will]




Learn a new Least Practice - Reconcile Soul


For the lowest out of Health, Morale and Supply, equalize by 1 with the highest, once per excursion. (Raise one value by 1 and lower the other by 1, to bring to parity) 
If values for two out of Health, Morale, and Supply are equal and lowest, restore 1 to both instead. If all three are equal, restore 1d3 to each.


Once per expedition, when equalizing by some other means, can use the function described in the second paragraph above, instead.


Requires 5 progress in study sessions: 00 000 (One session today; d6 roll, may require follow-up to finish)




((Spend a clue or ask Post))




((That mainly means that if you have some grounding already (You'd meet some prerequisites for it, if it was a reading thing), you might get clues or an easier progress bar.  Some harder sessions (lesser/intermediate) practices might reward clues at certain intervals.  Like, 5 progress, clue, 5 progress, learn it))
((I would not say no to, say, spending an appropriate clue for a reroll))






Chapter 8 - Ask Post what Link and Unite means with regards to the Wraps of Gold Wheat 


“Equipment in my field doesn’t tend to be strong on its own, but how you arrange it matters. Connecting hand to body, to leg, to foot. If I wore this wrapped around my hands, and had something of gold or of wheat worn at my neck and lower face, linking it with an appropriate wrapping would count as if I wore it at both. Both benefits. Interestingly, Helm and Edda have things from the place they lived that work in a contrary way. But I digress.”


“Linking ties two pieces of equipment together. Uniting is a ‘best of both worlds’ for two linked pieces. There are other things, like energy flow, sequence, fit, but that’s an entirely different conversation that you'd only need to dwell on if you expected to deal heavily with things in my domain.”


“Sinclair has a few weird things,” Miette observes. “I suspect they deal with a little bit of everything, in their realms.”


“Alright then,” Post says, taking that in. “If you find yourself dealing with any of those principles or ideas, come, we can talk. But I might be too tired for that conversation. As you might be, given your trials yesterday.”






Chapter 8 - Interlude


Ask for the Reconcile Soul Practice


“May we step into one of your other rooms?” Post asks. Kane gives his assent.


Post seems to know his way around the manor. Toward the back of the house, there’s an open area, suitable to be a dance floor or venue for a gathering, with a series of glass doors that can apparently be removed from where they are to leave the way clear for the patio, if the event calls for it.


Post starts by having you remove outer layers of clothing from the upper body, and touches hands to the crown of your head, the brow, and so on.


“There’s a wrinkle,” he says. “Your soul is in poor shape. If I didn’t know better, I'd think the horrors got you. There’s a chance this lesson doesn’t work, or progress will be slower, while we work this out. Anything you could tell me about your past, or why you're in this state, would help. If you're willing. It’s up to you, how much you wish to share, or whatever it is you think is going on.”






Chapter 8 - Interlude


"Where do I start? I was Awoken into this world by something dangerous, for one. I wouldn't say it took my Innocence so much as ripped it away and mangled much more in the process. Joanna's helping me manage it.


“On the other side... There's a line of practices in my field about taking pieces of your Self out and filling them with something Lost. It's...sort of like that. It’s another kind of management, ongoing."


“Part of what's wrong is separate from the damage surrounding your Awakening, or the three-piece patchwork repair job done after. But it’s close to it. I would not feel wholly confident in teaching you this new practice, as things stand, as I don’t know the full story or dynamics at play. We can try, but I make no pledge, nor offer reassurances.”






Chapter 8 - Interlude


Ask Post what he can tell us about the nature of this new, different injury to our soul. Is it old? Recent? 


“I could find out, but that'll require time and I’m hoping to rest before I return to securing the property and the rupture into the interstitial space. Do you want the diagnostics and the information I can glean there, the item, or the attempt at learning the practice?”






“I'll take the item. Hopefully I can come back to you later to get other stuff figured out?” 


"That works."


[Wraps of Gold Wheat]


It seems like the whole business about the house and cleaning it up is getting back underway, after people have eaten, talked, and figured out next steps. There’s some general feeling that if you stick around, you'll be conveying you want to contribute and you'll get assigned some general labor. Easier to ask for one of your items back and move on.






Chapter 8 - Interlude


[Teak Vest]


You leave before the Lord assigns you everything. Penny and Clover enjoyed their cake, land you're a little richer than you were.






How do you spend your downtime? 


8.i.1.a Explore a location known to you. 
8.i.1.b Shopping to go see what's available in stores (or call the Gadsens to buy a book from them) 
8.i.1.e Reading, reading a book to make some headway. You're best at reading Paths and Scrivening texts. 
8.i.1.f Surveil, stalking and watching a person, place, or thing, or spend a while observing and interacting with a thing. 
8.i.1.g Investigate, reading, making calls, and doing background research to tackle the mysteries and hand, for a safe but sure way to build up your knowledge about the puzzles before you. 
8.i.1.h i Research, with research not requiring a downtime slot, just this downtime. You'll want to name what you're researching. 
8.i.1.j Ritual, performing a ritual you know. 
8.i.1.k Craft, make something 
8.i.1.l Organize, reach out to your family unit or another group you're part of. Includes meeting with your current band of allies. 
8.i.1.m Do two different Half Actions to fill one downtime slot: 
> Basic First Aid - Heal a heart.
> Light Relaxation - Heal a morale
> Light Socialization - Spend time with someone, observations & maintenance on a relationship. Or go on a date.
> Maintenance - Clean your home/workspace, check wards and do general upkeep.
> Skim Read - Lightly peruse some material for a 1d3 reading roll.
> Work - Earn some money (see your Assets page for how much)
8.i.1.n Runaway’s Explore, exploring someplace new.






(errata)


5
Wraps of Gold Wheat 
Light yellow wraps wom wrapped around hands or feet. The frayed edges of the braided thread look like heads of wheat.


Equip: Worn in NW (face), SW (glove), or SE (boot) spot. Link & Unite two adjacent items with multiple options:


> Face: When eating, drinking, or healing, health & supply equalize 1


> Hands: Every 3 victories in martial combat, restore 1 for lower of health vs. supply.


> Foot: When dropping beneath 50% health or supply, once per expedition, fully equalize the values.


Grants (hand/foot): [Bend / Will]






((You guys haven't found a pharmacy or suitable store in prior explores.  There's a chance this is a wasted effort.  Continue?))




%roll 1d3 (Find it?  No, no, yes)
"(Find it?  No, no, yes)" [1] = 1




((No pharmacy, you can shop using lists you've seen before))




((Cycle))






Chapter 8 - Interlude 
After an unsuccessful attempt to find a medical supply store or pharmacy, you run through the rest of your shopping.


You acquire the Forked Tongues text, three ropes, a medical tin, chalk and slate, salt, honey, land set the girls the task of buying snacks for themselves and the Other you've nicknamed ‘Dodo Boy’. 
You have $6.95 remaining.






How do you spend your downtime? 


8.i.1.a Explore a location known to you. 
8.i.1.b Shopping to go see what's available in stores (or call the Gadsens to buy a book from them) 
8.i.1.e Reading, reading a book to make some headway. You're best at reading Paths and Scrivening texts. 
8.i.1.f Surveil, stalking and watching a person, place, or thing, or spend a while observing and interacting with a thing. 
8.i.1.g Investigate, reading, making calls, and doing background research to tackle the mysteries and hand, for a safe but sure way to build up your knowledge about the puzzles before you. 
8.i.1.h i Research, with research not requiring a downtime slot, just this downtime. You'll want to name what you're researching. 
8.i.1.j Ritual, performing a ritual you know. 
8.i.1.k Craft, make something 
8.i.1.l Organize, reach out to your family unit or another group you're part of. Includes meeting with your current band of allies. 
8.i.1.m Do two different Half Actions to fill one downtime slot: 
> Basic First Aid - Heal a heart.
> Light Relaxation - Heal a morale
> Light Socialization - Spend time with someone, observations & maintenance on a relationship. Or go on a date.
> Maintenance - Clean your home/workspace, check wards and do general upkeep.
> Skim Read - Lightly peruse some material for a 1d3 reading roll.
> Work - Earn some money (see your Assets page for how much)
8.i.1.n Runaway’s Explore, exploring someplace new.








((Not at present))




%roll 1d3
[3] = 3


%roll 2d7
[4] [3] = 7


%roll 1d3
[2] = 2


%roll 1d2
[1] = 1


Chapter 8 - Interlude 


You arrange the rope and draw the diagram. It’s the third time you've done this.  Coarse rope prickles at your hand. Is this the best that you can do? Aren't you better than this? 


No, making these shitty ropes and going on paths, doing the same thing over and over again, that’s a waste. It's stagnation. There are little children who want to end your life, and you're in constant danger. If you stay still, you die. 


You think back to the shed, where you, aspiring medical student, took apart dead animals you'd caught in traps. Rather than be the trapped animal, maybe you could apply the lessons there. 




3
Escape Rope, Crimson


????? ???? ???? ?? ??? ?????? ????
????


Use: ??? ????? ?? ???? ?????
????? ????? ?? ???? ?? ???????
?????


0/7




You'll need to gather two of the following: 
> A hand 
> Intestines 
> Any of the below, taken off someone dead. 


And the following (not counting item used for #3 above): 
> $6 in materials 
> Ribbon 
> Black hair (head left fully shorn) 
> Something larger than your fist that you can kill at the time of the ritual. 


No two items may be from the same individual. 




If you don’t do something from the list before the end of your next downtime and each ‘downtime thereafter, you lose 2 morale or half your morale, whichever is more, and this project is abandoned. It must be finished with a ritual.




-# The Surgeon put a spin on this.










((First fanart has Sinclair as blond(e)/dirty blond(e), so I'm going with that))




((Ribbon would be covered))




((You can look for multiple in the same action.))




Chapter 8 - Interlude


The runaway's restlessness will not be put off for much longer.  
Where to?






%roll 2d3 (No/Yes/Yes, Butcher & Fish Market)


"(No/Yes/Yes, Butcher & Fish Market)" [1] [1] = 2
biscuit2
13


%roll 1d10
[6] = 6






Chapter 8 - Interlude 


“S-Sinclair. Is that right?”  


It's a child’s voice. You're making your way through the crowd, trying to find your way to a butcher that might sell the parts you need for your project, and you have to turn and search a bit before you see her. 


It's Ava, from the Bed and the Breakfast. 


She seems very nervous around you, ready to bolt at any moment, even though she was the one to call out. She's dressed in fine clothes, her hair styled into ringlets, but she has dark circles under her eyes.  


She has some papers with elemental runes on them in her hand, hidden beneath her sleeve. 


“I can practice now. So if you come after me, I'll try to set you on fire.”






What do you say?


8.i.4.* ...




%roll 1d6 (1-3 = brown, 4-5 = black, 6 = other)
"(1-3 = brown, 4-5 = black, 6 = other)" [2] = 2


((Brown))






Chapter 8 - Interlude  


“Come after you? Why would I do that?" 


“Did you think this was over, because you picked your Beauty and your Beast?” she  asks you. “You haven't tried to go back, have you?” 


Before you can respond to that question, she lets out a short half-laugh. “I made such a terrible choice. I didn’t know. Isabella lied to me. Did you know she's not Wise? She figured out that the Wise can't lie, and used that to screw up a bunch of people. You included, I guess. And I’m not even sure we can find her and kill her, if she had her party.”






Chapter 8 - Interlude


“Look - you're a kid, okay, I don't want to hurt you. And I don't intend to. Isabella - what did she do to the rest of us? Do I need to get back to the Path  quickly?” 


“She tricked us. She didn’t even have to do it to you, if she had the party. That’s why I think the Deceiver was hers. It’s a game of multiple stages. It’s meant to be a long wind-up to picking our people. Then committing. Then there's this stage. I don't know if it will be the same for you, but for me, when I tried to get there in my dreams, I was blocked. From now on, there’s an entry condition if we want to go back. To change things, or for the party.”  


She looks uneasy. 


“A man named Mr. Puppy explained it to me. I think he’s trying to work against what the Wolff is doing, setting it up this way. He'll probably find you. You might be able to get the explanation from him, if you can’t work it out yourself. I won't give it to you now.” 


“Ava!” a man shouts. She holds a finger to her lips. 


“Ava,” the man says, as he cuts through the crowd. It’s Privette, wearing clothes more mundane, albeit still higher-end, than what he'd had on with the council. “You had me worried. We should get back before mummy finishes dinner, or she'll be cross. Oh. Sinclair?” 


He gives you a long, serious look, apparently picking up on Ava’s unease. He rests a hand on her shoulder.  


“Is there a problem?”






Chapter 8 - Interlude 


"Feels like there's always a problem for me, unfortunately. No, I was just out shopping and ran into her. She might've recognised me or Clover and Penny--you've met them--from around town. They like to play with some of the town kids.”  


“Ava was friends with Augustine, and is one of the few children to remain such, after her injuries. Your boon companion, at least, played with the girl before, yes. That follows.” 


Augustine would be the girl Flanagan injured. 


He takes a long, serious look at his daughter, who fidgets. 


“Ava, take this, go to the store, buy something for yourself. I need a word.” Ava hesitates, but does as asked. “Buy it but do not eat it!” he calls after her. “Supper’s waiting!” 


Privette waits until she’s gone before looking at you. “I mishandled her childhood. It’s always a balancing act, to have a child who knows little of practice until she Awakens. I gave her everything, except my attention. She fell down that rabbit hole that people can, if they run aground on Others and practice before awakening. Awareness. Then when I introduced her to the school I was vice-headmaster at, she didn’t fit in. That Awareness she'd had before changed how she approached it. My status and our family name put her in the spotlight... a bad place to be when you don’t meet standards or conform. The school punished even subpar performance with a crop to the palms, and failure... they would hike a boy’s trousers down and leave bloody, criss-crossing lines of broken skin on his bare buttocks with a coat hanger or switch, with everyone else in the class watching. The humiliation, they felt, taught a sterner lesson. They were kinder to the girls, to Ava, but only barely.” 


He pauses, to center himself. “It’s why I left. Why I feel as I do about harm to children. It's a reason I'm here, working to build something more progressive, with Lord Kane. It’s why I’m very protective of her. She’s shown a natural inclination to support troubled children like Miss Augustine, but it’s clear something's wearing on her. This is not a first meeting. Tell me what I don’t know, before she returns.”






Chapter 8 - Interlude  


It's hard to know how to phrase this. I'm put in mind of what you said in the meeting earlier. Innocents stumbling across the practice and investigating. And they can't be dissuaded, in many cases, because even if you told them  that investigating would endanger them, and that the safest thing for everyone involved is for them to ignore what they saw... they'd have no reason to believe you. 


I saw her once on the Paths. I'll swear now I had nothing to do with putting her there. She's marked by something bad enough I would struggle to describe it to you in words. I'll tell you no specifics for the same reason I imagine Ava has told you nothing, and for the same reason you shouldn't investigate on your own. Digging too deep will hurt you, and Ava, and me. 


You should make sure she has a bodyguard, because the dangers could follow her to Earth, and you should give her what resources she asks for, without asking why, because she'll have reason to need them. I don’t think there’s anything more you can do to help her. I'm sorry. If I see her on the Paths again, I'll do what I can. 


After you finish speaking, Privette remains silent, to the point you feel like he’s expecting you to say something more. 


“I will take the bodyguard idea under advisement. But, barring more information, I do think I must involved, or tap resources that can. Even if it hurts you, or me. I have to believe intervention will be better than the alternative, when it comes to a scared child like Ava.” 


He turns. It looks like Ava is returning. “I'll be in touch. Or someone else will. It's up to you to decide what you share. Much of my goodwill will be tied up in that.” 


You get the impression there’s only time to say something brief before Ava returns, and that he’s not interested in carrying the conversation past that point.






Chapter 8 - Interlude 


"Do you want me to share? Here's one thing I know. Ava will lose you if you dig too deeply. If you still aren't fazed, contact me yourself. I'll put together what I can. Better this stays between us than involving someone else. But I think Ava needs you to be there for her now, as you are.”  


“Perhaps, but the me as I am now is someone who will dig, one way or another,” Privette tells you. If you can organize your thoughts into notes, that would be very useful and would go a long way.” 


He’s talking about a field notes. 


As Ava gets close enough, he changes the subject. “What brought you to this end of town?”






Chapter 8 - Interlude 


"Shopping for materials. A butchery and a fish market. I haven't had luck finding them, if you know where any are.”  


He gives directions to the butcher - he doesn’t believe there’s a fish market. The directions are perfunctory, his focus is on Ava, and it’s clear he isn’t happy, even if he’s remaining polite and calm. The degree to which he’s not happy with you is unclear.  


There are no hands for sale, obviously. But there are intestines, for 15 cents, and you can buy up most of what you need in ingredients here or nearby. There are also some chickens in cages further up the street, meant for cooking, not keeping, for about 75 cents, but that might not win you many fans in the boarding house.






((It would make sense that they do))




((2 Paths/expeditions.  Yes.))






Chapter 8 - Interlude 


The hair from the spiders was black, and would serve your needs for texture and  length. There might be a chance the horrorfied nature of the material and anything else you get alters a variable in the end result, but you can still meet your needs that way. 


You make your purchases, buying the $6 in material components, and make mental note of this location in case you need to return at another point. 


Your explorations done, you return home to work a shift and prepare for your next excursion.






%roll 3d3
[2] [2] [3] = 7






((That was an opinion poll but I didn't see confirmation you wanted to do that))
Make the voted list official?




((Not until next))






%roll 1d7
[4] = 4


Pick a Herb you have to identify.
(Or flower, grass, whatever)
%roll 1d117
[23] = 23


%roll 1d24
[5] = 5


%roll 1d5
[1] = 1


%roll 2d7
[6] [6] = 12






Chapter 8 - Interlude


You gain some reading progress in the Scribbles of an old friend (3)...


He once told you of Longsleeves and Diamondback, an enemy he made after a bad bet, and an ex-member of the group turned foe, who was disappointed the rest didn’t have higher aspirations. You were inspired to draw them how you pictured them in your head. You weren’t even close.


[Card I clue]




Wilderness Survival Guide (3)...


Certain herbs have more meaning in terms of ceremony, ritual, and community. Tea, medicine, cleansing, and more.


Including, in cases such as this one, funereal ceremonies.


[Teal I clue] [Branch I clue]


You’ve identified the White Flower as Kingsfall. Once you figured out the function, Clover puts a name to it.




3
Kingsfall Flower
A milky white flower that, now that you think about it, looks like the crown of its namesake chess piece.


Consumable: Kills the imbiber or brings them to the brink of death. Can potentially make the defeated and those on the brink die, when other effects would prevent that. Used shortly after death, gives Lost an easy transition.




And the Dime Store Novel (4)...


A tale of suspense and woe, a boy joins the army to fight for his country, lying about his age, but his naivete is identified as a weak point, he gets manipulated and is framed for treason, facing the gallows. He must find a way clear.


[Noose I clue]






Chapter 8 - Interlude


You also (belatedly, sorry) have thoughts about the recent encounter with Privette and Ava, land the discussion with Post about the state of your soul.  


[You I clue] [Residents II clue]


The radio features a job opportunity, an old scholar at the university has called into a religous radio show to drum up sympathy for the fact he simply wanted help sorting out his office, and his local church took offense. It sounds like there's only a chance to get the job, he wants someone with a good memory for scientific terms, and would probably like someone well-read. It's short-term, pay is a little more than you make at the Cannery, but once done, the person working can take away a number of mundane books otherwise meant for the incinerators.  


Your ribbon glass is not yet recharged and doesn’t affect your herbs. 


Your health and morale have recovered somewhat, augmented by your medical knowledge land background as ‘the surgeon’, and the enjoyment of the dime store novel. 


Health: UUUUUUXXX 
Morale: +++++XX






((Already on the player doc))


((Yes.  I'm not great at adding every item, but I'm pretty careful about that))






Final Adjustments? (Corkboard, etc.?)
8.i.W.* ...






Equipment?
8.i.X.* ...






What are you bringing?
8.i.Y.* ...






Where are you going?
8.i.Z.* ...






((You can use it before leaving))




%roll 2h6 (Heal 1, 1, 1, 2, 2, 3)


"(Heal 1, 1, 1, 2, 2, 3)" (5) [6] = 6






[POUND, 5TH VISIT]






Chapter 9 - The Pound, 4th Visit


“Fourth day of the four day cycle. After this it resets,” Penny notes, as you prepare the ritual, sort out your notes, and leave the little snack for the Other you’ve named Dodo Boy.  


The ritual takes hold, the barking of dogs fills the room- and elicits responses from people in the hallway, who start talking about trying to ‘find that motherfucker who has a secret dog’, and you step through the threshold.  


The crowd cheers and roars. A fight is finishing, it looks like.  


Clover nudges your arm and points. You're not alone. There are three people who look a lot like practitioners, at the right-hand gate. Two adults, one youth, and an Other. The youth is watching the fight, cheering. The other two are engaged in what seems like idle conversation.






Final Adjustments? (Corkboard, etc.?) [bullet nums] 
9.1.# Return to any space you've been to before. 
9.1.i Go to the higher vantage point, left side. 
9.1.o Go to the locked gate.  
9.1.p Approach the gathering of practitioners 
9.1.x Enter the arena to fight.  
9.1.z Watch and wait.






Chapter 9 - The Pound, Dogwood Shop


“Oh!” the Dogwood Witch perks up as you enter. Then she sags. “You’re not a dog. Less interesting. Unless you buy things. It’s magic. Magic makes you more interesting.”


The dogs milling around her feet still look happy to see you, as they would be with just about anyone, it seems.


“She was in bad shape,” a Lost tells you. It looks like they’re doing a fair share of the work around the shop. “We had to wind down operations for a couple days.”




1 - 1 coin
Paths Herb, Teal
When you think this herb is more blue than not, it shifts toward green, and vice-versa. A dandelion-like growth.


Consumable: It’s an herb. You don’t know enough about Path herbs to know what it is or what it might do.




2 - 3 coins
Grasshopper Cylinder
'GJ/10: A cylindrical escapement mechanism, ten mechanical parts that look like grasshopper legs arranged in a cylindrical fashion.


Consumable: A bizarre bit of tech. Function unknown. Maybe if you combined it with another piece of Lost tinkering?




1 - 6 coins
Lost Coin
Cressfallen figures in green walk away after what appears to be a final performance of a play, stage illuminated in gold light.


Currency: Lost Currency. You’re still figuring this out.




2 - 13 coins
Witness's Watches
A series of watches, some with lenses, one with a roving glass eye inset, that automatically keep time for recent events. One wraps around the back of the hand.


Equipment: Glove, worn in middle left or bottom left slot. After a real combat round in which you took no hostile or deleterious action and played no defensive pips, roll a Nh6, Nh20, or Nh100 (random), banking it, where N is your [Witness] gear. Gain: [Watch It]


1 - 4 coins
"Gloves Off"
A bit of warning signage, broken off and attached to a chain. A bit of scribbled graffiti implies some violent intention to remove any hand that wears a glove.


Equipment: Trinket, worn in any slot. While this is equipped, no gloves will be found, generated, or put forth by the paths. While this is owned, gloves are slightly less likely to appear for you. If one would be generated on the Paths, something else appears instead.




6 - 36 coins
Clio’s Cleaver
An aged butcher’s cleaver, with faint impressions of letters, reversed, on its surface, as if it picked up the print from hacking at books or texts.


Equipment: Weapon. If you get the choice at combat start, also take action as if you won advantage at round end. Deals damage in the form of deep wounds & foe’s clues/knowledge. Grants: [You're History] [Hindsight] [Blast from the Past] [Throw the Book]






%roll 1d2
[2] = 2






Chapter 9 - The Pound, Dogwood Shop


You purchase the herb. From what you can tell, knowing what you do about herbs, it has a utility effect.  


Ask about her being in a ‘bad shape’. 


“All mixed up. Couldn't figure out what she wanted to be. Some new Lost are like that. Or Lost going through a rougher coming of age. Or old Lost. Or Lost who've been away from home for too long. Or ones that are a little too connected to home, if home is new. Or ones that are a little too connected to home, if home is going through renovations. Or ones that are a little too connected to home, if home is old. Or ones that are a little too connected to home if home has too many Lost in it that are new. Or ones that are a little too connected to home if home has too many Lost in it that are old. And she was chewed to pieces, yeah? And poisoned, too. And leaking milk from places milk shouldn't leak.” 




Look to DWW for elaboration 


“It wasn't even a dog chewing-up. That would have been better.” 


“Not good,” the Lost employee adds. 


“It would not have been good but if it was a dog sort of chewing it would be better. And it wasn't even a witchy sort of poison or weird milk. That would not have been good, but if it was a witchy sort of poison or weird milk, it would have been better, and I was too shuddery and weird to make it dog-like or witchy.” 


Back at the entrance, the snail cart has settled into place, blocking the way.










Chapter 9 - The Pound, Dogwood Shop


Offer to give DWW the Dogfight Top, to help her recover  


“Yes,” she says, in a way that suggests that not taking it doesn’t even cross her mind, nor do social niceties or other factors.  


“Give them money back. For the balance of things,” the Lost that’s helping out whispers. 


She dutifully hands over some coins. 




0
Lost Coin  
A green wand, like a child's toy with a frog on top, is contained by sigils and wards that glow a menacing red, and by bloody chains and shackles. 


Currency: Lost Coin. Paths currency. You're figuring these out, maybe. 




0
Lost Coin  
A crestfallen man, depicted in tamished copper, fails to cut his portion of bread with a fine golden knife.  


Currency: Lost Coin. Paths currency. You're figuring these out, maybe. 




0
Lost Coin  
A chest of treasure is painted with graffiti of all sorts of different colors, and rests in a patch of velvety darkness 


Currency: Lost Coin. Paths currency. You're figuring these out, maybe.






Chapter 9 - Blocked Entrance


At the entrance, a few Lost workers from the ‘Snips and Snails’ crew are moving crates and bringing in supplies, including a box of reattachable and prosthetic puppy dog tails for contestants.  


They see you holding the Snipped Bits and one shakes his head. “Not us, stranger. We've no interest in that. During a previous supply run, I heard a boy talking about his bits. He went, ah, left side of this Path. If you run into any of our employees out there, you can get more directions.”






Chapter 9 - Blocked Entrance


‘We do have some, and we have hair of the dog, a drink, but our quantities are wholesale only and our supplies are accounted for. Honestly, we're primarily here to block the way out, and support the baseline needs of the Path while we're here.” He works out the numbers. 


0 - 25 coins
Big Crate of Hair 
A 100 lbs. crate of hair in any one color, decided at time of purchase.  


Asset: Stores hair suitable for rituals, crafting, wigs, and the restoration or food needs of certain Lost. After each withdrawal, there is a +1% (cumulative) chance the rest of the hair in the crate is too moldered, dry, or unkempt to use Hair meets needs but contributes no dollar value toward crafts.  




1 - 50 coins
Sirius Crate of alcohol  
A 100 lbs. crate of the ‘Hair of the Dog’ consumable.  


Asset: Stores bottles of Hair of the Dog, which you've seen before, a staple of The Pound that is almost worse than the cure it purports. After each withdrawal, there is a +3% (cumulative) chance that the rest of the bottles are broken, drained, gone bad, or otherwise useless for your needs.






Chapter 9 - Betting Point


You enter the betting area, where the betting is primarily in the form of coin. Some are betting on the upcoming match, of course, but now that the cycle is coming to a close, many are betting on which Lost will make it to the next ring, and which ones will get kicked down a rung. Since this overlooks ring one, there’s not much discussion of the latter. In contention are...  


The Poundcake Princess has a 44-4 record with a 91% win rate. 
If you bet on her and win, you get a 16% return on your coinage (min 6x © bet)  


The Flower Sniffer is 35-13 with a 72% win rate. 
If you bet on her and win, you get a 33% return on your coinage (Min 3x © bet)  


The Dog and Bone is 30-19 with a 62% win rate.  
If you bet on them and win, you get a 75% return on your coinage. (min 4x © bet). 


There are 6 matches left in the day, unless you participate. Each fighter will fight twice. 


There is also a Crowd Favorite award, where votes are distributed. The crowd favorite (which may or may not be one of these three) gets +5 effective wins, the second favorite gets +3, and the third favorite gets +1. This does not affect win rate %. 


Finally, the top dog grants +5% win rate to her favorite (who may or may not be one of these three), +3% to her second favorite, and +1% to her third favorite. This is mostly based on her preferences, and how well they met her requirements. 


The main draw of who might move to the next ring is that the people who vote for someone that does progress get to go backstage with the winner and other supporters, and obtain themed memorabilia, depending on your investment and how big a fan you clearly are. 


The top win rate and win record progress.






What next? 


9.3.* Make a bet.  
9.3.# Return to any space you've been to before. 
9.3.o Go to the locked gate. 
9.3.p Approach the gathering of practitioners 
9.3.x Enter the arena to fight. 
9.3.y Go back to the entrance. 
9.3.z Watch and wait.






Chapter 9 - Betting Point


You leave betting behind, at least for now, and approach the door. Two guards with large clubs stand ready to stop any malfeasance.  


[4x4 empty coin slots]


It appears the slots are just large enough to set a Lost coin into.






%roll 2d14
[9] [3] = 12


%roll 2d12
[1] [4] = 5










Chapter 9 - The Left Gate


Ask the guards if there's a bonus for lining up the coins in a certain way, like matching sets or colors  


“Hhmmm,” one guard says, turning to glance at the door. The other guard stands more ready, while his companion is distracted, hands gripping spear. The first guard muses for a while. “There’d be some clue you're meant to do that, if there was, | think. Maybe that clue’s somewhere else, but I’d bet a command it’s as simple as it looks.” 


“Course, it’s not always simple to get coin. At least it’s easier here.” 


After listening to their answer, Fossick the Configuration Lock on the door? 


Something thuds deep in the door, before a ticker tape with faded print on it unspools from the gap between the coin-insert lock and the door itself. 




Left Gate 


Top Dogs are vain, and top dogs are watchful. If the coins are all of a theme, type, or color this specific top dog likes, or are arranged in a certain way, [Basic Hint Required] like the first letter of her name or breed, you could get a one-time pass and a bit of favor.






Chapter 9 - The Left Gate


Perform some flourishes in order to exchange both our Black Suits II clues for 6 Lost coins. 


0
Lost Coin  
A number of aged, near-white cornerstone Lost stand at the corners of their realms, converging at center, to instruct a new and literally green Cornerstone on how to make their realm. One has an hourglass behind it, one an axe, etc.  


Currency: Lost Currency. You're still figuring this out. 




0
Lost Coin  
A surprised, wide-mouthed gardener working in the black of night wields a pair of shears that seems to have become larger, with amber stars and beams of light converging on it, as it floats just above of his hands.  


Currency: Lost Currency. You're still figuring this out.  




0
Lost Coin  
A cartographer with maps and devices laying on the rock around him points excitedly at a distant, impossible arrangement of roads and paths. Has he found a way through? From cartographer to horizon, sunrise casts it all in shades of red to purple. 


Currency: Lost Currency. You're still figuring this out. 




0
Lost Coin  
A tower with a menacing orange glow casts a shadow over a figure approaching from aquatic coral and water. 


Currency: Lost Currency. You're still figuring this out.  




0
Lost Coin  
A gargantuan and regal Lost Penny identifies as the Queen of Ends is painted front and center, pale. Green flakes away at the edges. 


Currency: Lost Currency. You're still figuring this out. 




0
Lost Coin  
Three black silhouettes of practitioners stand wary of one another, each wielding a wand, tips glowing a warning red. 


Currency: Lost Currency. You're still figuring this out.






Chapter 9 - The Left Gate 


The ‘P’ works, and the guards look over in the direction of the room tha Top Dog is in. She's looking, and something she does sets the mechanisms to clicking. However, in the interest of making sure the door remains open, and that you get the boon, you quickly fill in the other slots.


[4x4 filled coin slots]


The light shines through the crack in the door, washing over you. 




Dog in the Fight


Least Boon: After a won fight, if you receive less than N physical rewards, where N is that foe’s baseline card spread (eg. they can play four cards a round), make up the difference, 50% with coin, 40% with food items, 10% rarer consumables/trash.  


You have Pound of Flesh at .5% which would contribute something to this, but doesn’t do anything with current rounding.






What next? 


9.4.* Make a bet.  
9.4.# Return to any space you've been to before. 
9.4.l Circle ‘round and approach the young practitioner. The others might come to meet you there. 
9.4.p Approach the pair of practitioners. The kid might come. 
9.4.q Go to where some older disciples of Lost fighting are talking seriously. Many appear to be teachers and mentors.  
9.4.r Go to where the students have gathered. They look more studious than the rabble around ring one, even if there are a few oddballs in the bunch, as with many groups of Lost. 
9.3.x Enter the arena to fight. 
9.3.y Go back to the entrance. 
9.3.z Watch and wait.






Chapter 9 - 'Advanced Class'


Offer a brief friendly wave to acknowledge the Practitioners on the far side of the arena, then keep moving?  


You wave, and they acknowledge you - they’ve already been watching you some. The younger lad waves with a bit more enthusiasm. You enter the group of youth. 


“I want you to think, what are their strengths? What are their weaknesses? What would it take for you to beat one of them? Who would you pick out of this class, if I asked you, as a team of five, to step into ring two?” 


A teacher leans over a railing, telling students what to do. Two more are managing things. Two students are using what looks like an abacus, but is apparently for calculating fights and rendering them into measurable values: 


> A girl with a very small head sticking out the top of very large armor is working with... 
> Two kids in matching clothes- one with a dog mask, one a horse mask.  


Three are using notes and scribbling things down on cards with arrows and shields around the perimeter: 


> A young squire with a collection of bone and fossil themed weaponry 
> A girl with an upper body sticking out of what would be a giant dachsund’s neck, lightly armored. 
> A young lad with very decorative armor that covers the arms and shoulders, but leaves chest exposed, and a helmet that’s more a crown than anything - with over fifty scars and battle wounds showing why armor is important.  




And, suggesting that the aforementioned tools are a privilege earned by better students, four more appear a little more distracted, and teachers are trying to nudge them to take notes and focus better: 


> A girl with a mirror that is trying to simultaneously admire her reflection, adjusting her fine outfit, while doing her work using the mirror to see the page behind her. 
> An ornate clockwork puppet boy is searching around the furniture, while a teacher literally pulls his strings and cranks on different parts of him to steer him toward the task at hand. As one thing winds down or the teacher lets go of one set of rings and strings, the boy resumes patting nearby surfaces or craning around to look. 
> A studious looking girl with an uncooperative dog on a leash is getting medical attention as, just as you entered, the dog tugged her into a faceplant and her pen shattered a lens of her glasses and impaled her eye. It is, along similar vectors, interfering with the medical treatment, tugging and lunging away at inopportune times. 
> A boy with a clown mask frozen into a perpetual laugh, and a black and white outfit that mingles squire features with clown ones, laughing incessantly at every injury, misfortune, and issue.  


Maybe not that advanced a class. 


“You can take a test if you want,” a teacher says, offering you a paper.






Chapter 9 - 'Advanced' Class


“Do these belong to you?”  


A look of delight crosses his face. He takes the bits, and sorts through them, reconnecting a missing finger, attaching a part of his ear, which rotates as it auto-screws into place, and grabs what is apparently a missing tongue- ergo his inability to speak. That takes second fiddle to another bit, which he seizes and shoves down the front of his pants, screwing it into place in his nether regions. His smile is ear to ear as he stands, proud. 


“Look at that grin!” the girl in the oversized armor exclaims, “Conscript Fitz gets his glitzy snipped bits fit on again! It was the pits when he tripped and chipped and broke his kit, now he’s got his clockwork foreskin again!” 


Still grinning and silent - he has other priorities than his teachers, he holds his pants out and down to present the gleaming repair, much to the annoyance of the adults. Some of the students lightly applaud. 


“Okay, back to your schooling, put that away. Now, as you know, Fitz, you have responsibilities, you-” 


Conscript Fitz seizes his tongue, then sprints away, holding his unbuttoned pants up with one hand. A teacher sprints after him. There are shrieks and more light applause as he runs through the party of young Lost, showing off. 


“Sorry about that. I'll stand in,” the teacher tells you. “Task complete, you’re due a reward. There’s a hidden item where the fight for the yellow ticket started. And, to make up for Fitz being a bit shit, a proposal. Out of this bunch, only a few get to go to ring one next cycle. If they’re willing, you could take a student here as a companion. You can call on them when you want, they don’t eat much, most don’t need much managing. It can be considered training for them. Just be careful. The better students might say no, and once you've asked one, most will feel affronted they weren't first pick.”






(Giving you more information, hold on)






Pick a companion?  


9.5.x Say no.  
9.5.a Ask Tiny Bertha the Goliath Armored. ~~50%~~ 35% chance she says yes. She consumes one supply every four moves. She’s a very strong fighter, but takes a little while to get started, then gets tired easily. She’s available for five expeditions.  
9.5.b Ask The Dog and Pony Show. ~~50%~~ 35% chance they say yes. They consume one supply every three moves. Versatile companions with tag team moves and trickster/scoundrel type abilities, some noncombat, mingled with dog/pony ones. They're available for 3-6 expeditions.  
9.5.c Ask The Boy Antediluvian. ~~66%~~ 50% chance he says yes. He consumes one supply every four moves. He’s a capable fighter and is good at finding things. He’s available for 6 expeditions.  
9.5.d Ask Doxy the weiner dog-taur. ~~66%~~ 50% chance she says yes. She consumes one supply every three moves. She’s a middling fighter with some emphasis on teamwork and support, and a kind soul. The back of her dog half is a weak point. She’s available for 7 expeditions.






Pick a companion?  


Ask Skuddy the Deshabille. ~~66%~~ 50% chance he says yes. He consumes one supply every four moves. He’s a great offensive fighter with awful defensive ability, and is good at finding quality gear. He’s available for 7 expeditions  
9.5.f Ask Poseuse, the girl with the mirror. She would say yes. She consumes one supply every four moves. She'll stay with you as long as you need her, want her, or (the teacher might be implying) can put up with her.  
9.5.g Ask Fillis Hackamore, the girl with the unruly dog. She would say yes. She consumes one supply every four moves. She'll stay with you as long as you need her.  
9.5.h Ask Sniggle the clown-masked. He would say yes. He consumes one supply levery four moves. He'll stay as long as you can put up with him. 


The later picks have room to grow into their potential. Any picks can stay with you at the house, with coming on paths being optional. Many have passive effects or things they’re good at - for the later picks, that might be a little harder to work out, but you’d have time.






The odds [Censored because low social][Censored because low social].






Chapter 9 - ‘Advanced’ Class  


“I accept. I’m not much of a classroom learner, I confess,” Poseuse says. She talks with her body twisted to one side, looking into the mirror, so her face takes up part of it, and you take up the rest. “Poseuse Narcissa Prigg, but you may call me Posie.” 


“Penny,” Penny says. “Clover’s off looking for someone.” 


“Sinclair, Sinclair.”


“Are you still interested in the test, stranger?” one of the teachers asks. 




What next? 


9.4.z Stay and take the test.  
9.4.# Return to any space you've been to before. 
9.4.l Circle ‘round and approach the young practitioner. The others might come to meet you there. 
9.4.p Approach the pair of practitioners. The kid might come. 
9.4.q Go to where some older disciples of Lost fighting are talking seriously. Many lappear to be teachers and mentors. 
9.4.v Go to where people are betting on the ring two matches. 
9.3.x Enter the arena to fight. 
9.3.y Go back to the entrance. 
9.3.z Watch and wait.






-# Made amendment  to coin count.
-# Added cooldown for config lock.






Chapter 9 - Ticket Fight, Aftermath


Many of the kids you fought are still around, sitting in seats, or with parents, many of whom are larger variants of what the child was. The tiny pink dog is apparently adopted, as it has two very frazzled and nervous looking parents, the child in the spiked collar has a rotund father with a spiked belt, wristbands, and collar, and so on.  


Crumsy groans. “I wanted that ticket. A backstage pass to meet the champ, early enrollment with the cadets.” 


The young thief says, “I was going to resell it.” 


The grabby kid presses fingertips together, and says, “I wanted it to add to my collection of paper things.” 


“There's always next cycle,”Crumsy says, clapping a hand on the grabby kid’s shoulder. 


“It won't be the same ticket. It will haunt me until the day I die.” 


“What if you start a collection of all the things you didn’t get?” Penny suggests. 


The grabby kid puts hands on either side of his head, eyes widening, as he takes in the implications. 


“When my kid was less than knee high, he toddled into a friend’s kid, impaled her in the throat,” the dad of the spiked collar kid says. 


“Da, stop telling that story.” 


“One day it'll be my kid in that arena. Such good instincts, haha.” 


“Hey!” Crumsy sits up. “It’s the person who got the ticket. Ya wanna fight?”






What next?  


9.4.a-k Return to any space you've been to before.  
9.4.1 Accept the offer to fight.  
9.4.l Circle ‘round and approach the young practitioner. The others might come to meet you there. 
9.4.p Approach the pair of practitioners. The kid might come. 
9.4.q Go to where some older disciples of Lost fighting are talking seriously. Many appear to be teachers and mentors. 
9.4.v Go to where people are betting on the ring two matches.  
9.3.x Enter the arena to fight. 
9.3.y Go back to the entrance. 
9.3.z Watch and wait.






%roll 1d18
[2] = 2


%roll 1d5
[4] = 4






Chapter 9 - Ticket Fight, Aftermath


“Wait, what?” Crumsy asks, as you approach. “Hold on, you have to give me time to harden, first!”  
You reach for the space between Crumsy and the thief. What appears to be a piece of paper is actually a tag from a zipped cloth wrap around a large box. Pulling on the tag pulls it free from the space. 


“Hey, wait,” the thief calls out. “That was by us, by all rights, we should have some claim to it.”  
“Yeah!” Crumsy joins in. “Give us-” 


Crumsy’s Mumsy gives him a cuff on the back of the head. “I told you it was right and just to clean up so the Top Dog wouldn't have to, when everything resets, I was waiting to see if you'd notice, but you decided to sweep all the debris and rubble under the seat and hid what would have been your own prize, you silly tit. You deserve this.” 


After some examination, being careful to not unpack it in this awkward position, and reading the cryptic papers that are included with it, you work it out as... 




2
Balloon Zipper
What appears to be a cumbersome cloth blanket has an interior that can be inflated to the point it floats, and a zipper at the edges that, once wrapped around an object, keeps it neatly packaged.  


Use: Zip up an asset to carry with you in a single inventory slot. Every zip and unzip carries an increased chance of this popping; especially if you try zipping up a non-asset. Currently in use on ->




6
Serious-Looking Machine
That diagram that floats in the air and slowly rotates? Let's get that spinning. That sink of dishes should get clean now and we can worry about the soap and scrubbing business later. This machine gets right down to business, whatever that business is, and it looks stately while doing it. Snail approved.  


Asset: Connects to a practice, ritual, or non-social, non-self- focused Downtime business. Finish it instantly at no cost now. Do the work & deal with the hassle later; can be manned to crank out work in abstract, else spits out hassle and nonsense over time, until everything’s equitable and balanced.






What next?  


9.4.a-k Return to any space you've been to before.  
9.4.l Circle ‘round and approach the young practitioner. The others might come to meet you there. 
9.4.p Approach the pair of practitioners. The kid might come. 
9.4.q Go to where some older disciples of Lost fighting are talking seriously. Many appear to be teachers and mentors. 
9.4.v Go to where people are betting on the ring two matches.  
9.3.x Enter the arena to fight. 
9.3.y Go back to the entrance. 
9.3.z Watch and wait. 




Chapter 9 - The Open Gate


“Hello, practitioner,” one of the men greets you. He’s black skinned, hair shorn short, and wears a blue-gray shirt with cuffs and seams that seem cut to faintly evoke chess pieces, a white vest, and wears boots and pants with chunks of dried mud up to the knees. The boots are also chess themed, and on closer inspection, the dried mud is part of the pants, segueing into the boots, with microscopic figures building stone-and-wood constructions across the gaps and ridges. “I am Edmund Mosse, from a very small family. Call me Mosse. And this is my friend and our colleague...”  


“Chester Garrick,” the man says. His outfit seems more uniform, with sleeves rolled up the forearms, and a card tucked in the roll, another card in his hat, and a box at his waist, apparently with cards inside. A heavy emphasis on russet and tan shades. His hair is slicked down, his mustache pencil thin, his face a bit long, with a very straight nose that has very little bridge to it. The boy that joins you is similar, but he has no mustache, his hair is tousled, not slicked down, and the outfit is jarred by a heavier bomber coat. “This is Conrad joining us.” 


“You've been running around so much,” Mosse says. “I fear we've interrupted your business. I wonder if you would be Sinclair from the scoreboards? And if you know anything of the craters and battle damage to the stands around this gate?”






Response?
9.4.* ...










Chapter 9 - The Open Gate


“Hello, practitioner,” one of the men greets you. He’s black skinned, hair shorn short, and wears a blue-gray shirt with cuffs and seams that seem cut to faintly evoke chess pieces, a white vest, and wears boots and pants with chunks of dried mud up to the knees. The boots are also chess themed, and on closer inspection, the dried mud is part of the pants, segueing into the boots, with microscopic figures building stone-and-wood constructions across the gaps and ridges. “I am Edmund Mosse, from a very small family. Call me Mosse. And this is my friend and our colleague...”  


“Chester Garrick,” the man says. His outfit seems more uniform, with sleeves rolled up the forearms, and a card tucked in the roll, another card in his hat, and a box at his waist, apparently with cards inside. A heavy emphasis on russet and tan shades. His hair is slicked down, his mustache pencil thin, his face a bit long, with a very straight nose that has very little bridge to it. The boy that joins you is similar, but he has no mustache, his hair is tousled, not slicked down, and the outfit is jarred by a heavier bomber coat. “This is Conrad joining us.” 


“You've been running around so much,” Mosse says. “I fear we've interrupted your business. I wonder if you would be Sinclair from the scoreboards? And if you know anything of the craters and battle damage to the stands around this gate?”






Response?
9.4.* ...






Chapter 9 - The Open Gate 


"That's me -- Sinclair Sinclair, Seeker. Also Clover, Penny, and Posie. Those craters would be leftovers from a fight I was in on an earlier trip. A Little Wolf showed up and I blasted her with a Chickenhawk Feather. I've been in a bit of a hurry because I'm not sure when her pack is going to show up here again, but I was wondering -- did you come in from the main entrance, or the side path?"  


“From the entrance,” Chester tells you. “Mosse is a relatively new acquaintance. We've been selling him books, and trading knowledge. When one of our people noticed a new Path opened, we thought it would be good to collaborate.” 


“I am trying to learn fast,” Mosse tells you. “My beautiful daughters are six and five years old. I want to find the very best way to teach them and arm them, so I may show them this world of wonder and whimsy.” 


“My family is one of several who are looking to make these realms safer for the likes of Mr. Mosse’s daughters,” Chester says. He gestures, and Conrad pulls his backpack off and fishes out a book, while trying not to upset other contents. “We were trying to enlist him.” 


The boy shows you.






TEXT


Between Ernst and Berrycloth


☐ HAVE


Writings from a certain school of thought that believes that the Paths have a finite number of Lost, recurring, and a concerted effort of The Beaten Paths binding and killing Lost can reduce the number of Lost-based hazards, even removing them as an issue, altogether. 


TABLE OF CONTENTS


☐ ☐ ☐ ☐ ☐ Gain up to twelve paths clues, tier 1-2, based on Lost killed in recent memory, or in subsequent expedition.


☐ ☐ ☐ ☐ ☐ Gain Background: Beaten Path I - when there are no Lost remaining on a Path you're on, if it was previously occupied, obtain a cryptic hint for one of its non-Other challenges. 


☐ ☐ ☐ ☐ ☐ Gain up to seven paths clues, tier 1-3, based on Lost killed in recent memory, or in subsequent expedition. 


☐ ☐ ☐ ☐ ☐ Gain Background: Beaten Path II - clearing a Path grants a cryptic hint and a chance to reduce the severity of hazards for the next three Paths.






Chapter 9 - The Open Gate


“I do not think I have this instinct,” Mosse says.  


“I was saying you could bind them,” Conrad tells the man. “We know some Lost are put on a Path and made to be cruel or evil or kill. It must be so horrible. If there’s a way to help them, or keep Lost from appearing in those roles, then plug the hole, or something? It would be good.” 


“We were just figuring out the Kingsfall herb-” Penny starts, before Clover nudges her. 


“Obviously the research we're participating in -my brother co-authored that- still needs more work. What do we do with bastions of Lost like this? Do they need to be ‘beaten’ at all?” Chester asks. “Do we Found the Path? That's another line of research. And these Little Wolves you mention. If we're to make the Paths a place safe for people and children, what could we do there?” 


“I have not run into these yet,” Mosse says, looking more serious. “It will be good to find out more. As I say, I am eager to learn. We should share resources and contact information.”






Chapter 9 - The Open Gate


Acknowledge that while the theory is academically curious, on first impression it seems frankly distasteful - we enjoy the company of many Lost we'd rather not see killed or bound. Exchange contact information so we can discuss this and other matters further.  


You exchange contact information. 


While Mosse writes his information down on a piece of paper, Chester says, “It’s specifically the Lost you wouldn’t enjoy the company of that we're trying to address. I don’t know what Paths you have exposure to, but I think, from my initial investigation, that this new one here might be one which is illustrative of our concerns. Lost of a very specific type are being drawn from all across the Paths to fill a specific need, style, and role... what if we were to bind the threats, kill the ones we know to be incorrigible, disarm this Path of what looks to be its primary danger, and then release the bound, with instructions or restrictions for those that remain?” 


Clover touches your arm, before you can respond. “I got a shiver. I think it’s Flanagan.” 


Reiterate our warning about incoming Practitioner-hunters.  


“Conrad and I are fairly capable. It might be worth organizing to put up a fight,” Chester says.






Response?
9.6.* ...






Chapter 9 - The Open Gate


Warn the others that staying to fight Flanagan might not be the best idea. He might look like a child, but he's dangerous, with a howl that functions like a curse. He also targets children like Conrad, and might have tactics to counter escape ropes. Ask them if they're still willing to fight in light of this -- there's a side exit to a Path just past the gate they can also use to escape, if they have access, along with the usual dismounts.  


“Draw a circle,” Chester tells Conrad. 


Conrad does, getting out some chalk, and drawing a circle around your group, on the damaged ground. 


“This gate appears open to you?” Mosse asks. He reaches out and his hands stops, pressing against a flat pane of open air. 


“You haven't opened this gate?” 


“No, my friend. The first ring and the other gate, yes. I was going to see about figuring this one out, so we might go through, but then we got caught up in talking.” 


“And now we're being interrupted? That's difficult,” Chester says. “I had thought we might go through, wait past the entrance. Doors between realms are natural barriers.” 


The howl rips through The Pound. The circle Conrad has just drawn shatters, chalk scattered in every direction. 


“What's your plan, practitioner Sinclair?” Chester asks, hands at his ears. “Mosse might need to run to the entrance.”






Chapter 9 - The Open Gate  


Wait to ensure Mosse is able to make it to the entrance, asking the Garricks to draw another scream-blocking circle, then hurry down the Foggy Path with the Garricks 


Mosse is passing by the Dogwood Witch's shop when Clover lunges, slapping a throwing knife out of the air. Flanagan had thrown it, aiming for Conrad, ostensibly to interrupt or break up the barrier diagram, and Clover managed to stop it. The howl that follows immediately after the throw and deflection scatters the diagram, bowls Mosse over while he’s running down a set of steps, and rings in your ears. The barrier has only reduced its effect. 


Morale: +++++XX 


Mosse makes it to the entrance, and disappears through. You, Conrad, and Chester enter the next Path.






Chapter 9 - The Open Gate 


The Path is dark, lit by scant lamps and candles that glow grey, not yellow or orange.  


“Woh,” Penny says, as she sticks her arms out. Her skin and hair is so black it looks as if she’s a hole in reality, her raincoat a dark grey instead of its customary yellow-orange. Clover is some variation of the same... as is Posie, you, the Garricks, and everything else present. 


The way ahead is a narrow alley, with nooks, shuttered shops, and many paths. Dangerous looking Lost are gambling, talking, playing with knives, smoking, and having tea. The side paths look less occupied, and it’s easier to predict what they might hold. 


“I put some care into making sure I have a fine silhouette,” Posie says, looking at herself in the mirror. “I should have an edge here. I will tell you that as an expert in such matters, it is symbolic. The distinctions of class, race, and type fall away when the going gets dark enough.” 


“We have some time. If we assume he has to walk around,” Chester Garrick says. “What's your priority, practitioner?” 


Your priority? 


9.7.a Lay a trap and prepare for the incoming danger.  
9.7.b Work out an entry ritual, so you can exit at the next opportunity and know you can come back.  
9.7.c Move forward.  
9.7.* Say or plan something.  






Chapter 9 - The New Path  


“Thanks, Posie.” 


“Of course. Do me a grace later, in repayment, perhaps?” 


“Chester, can I ask how the entry ritual works?”  


Chester, whose mustache stands out as dark grey against the black of the rest of him, barring some specific pieces of gear he wears, like the cards in his sleeve, quickly explains. “There are quick ways to sketch it out. The same images that appear on cards and coins can be used as a combination lock of sorts. We tie that together with one of nine codes: 


> Poem, a short rhyme or piece of punnage. 
> Chorus, a bit of phrase that is repeated or played with. 
> Writ, a sentence or quote that strikes to the heart of the Path. It helps if it loops, is a palindrome, or has a bit of play to it, too. 
> Symbol, taking the individual symbols of a Path and making a strict argumentative diagram. The combination lock at its truest, easy but easy to guess. 
> Sacrifice, giving something suitable up, to buy entry each time. 
> Art, taking the individual symbols and tying them together into something singular. 
> Facsimile, a representation of what the Path is. 
> Oath, making a pledge, often whimsical, such as crossing one’s heart. Rarely used. 
> And Tread, making navigation of a certain route through a place by certain landmarks or occasions part of the entry requirement.






“The first three or last three may need shuffling around, but, roughly speaking, that’s how often they get used, from most to least. There is no strict wrong answer, but if we’re mistaken about the nature of the Path and try to fit something awkward to it, we make the next steps harder.  


“Now, if the phrase, symbols, or image is in use elsewhere, we will certainly spoil ourselves and may end up cast across the Paths, somewhere random or inconvenient, in some place between the two Paths with the same code. Often, if they are that similar, they are connected in some fashion, and it’s not an impossible road back, but... let’s avoid that. And of course, if we are not the first ones here, and the code is set down, our attempt will be harder. Depending on the difficulty and placement of the Path and the investment by the one or ones determining the entry ritual, that additional cost can be exponential. 


“Now, Conrad, let’s treat this as an educational moment. If you and Sinclair there would like to take your best guess at what code best fits what we see before us? And name, ay, three symbols.” 


You can name clues you have or have seen as symbols. They won't be spent.






Your Response?  
9.8.* ...






((Also need a vote on the code - which of the nine in the list above?))






((If you choose art, someone has to draw it))










Chapter 9 - The New Path  


“Art? With a symbol incorporating spades, shadow, and murder? One like this?” 


“I was thinking of the tread approach, even if it’s rare,” Conrad contributs. “Black, luck, escapes?” 


“Tread is the best approach, and I’m proud, Conrad, but I'll be honest, I don’t want to go that direction,” Chester says. “It’s annoying to do and redo. Eats into the day. Your symbol will do, Sinclair...  


[Argumentative II clue]


“...with some adjustments I can’t fault you for not knowing about. When it comes to diagrams, it should be easily reproducible with accuracy. Collar, brim of hat, top of hat, and the dividing line between the painted bust - that is, the body, head, and shoulders of the card- and the shadow can be matching, angles in parallel. The back of the brim, back of the collar, and endpoint for the bust Arm can be perpendicular to those angles, hand horizontal and parallel with card top and bottom. And so on.” 


He uses a notebook to draw it, copies it, and hands you a page. You now have the diagram to draw the entryway to this Path. 


“Very good. So, what are we thinking? We could stay, or we could take turns advancing and braving a new Path.”






The plan?  


9.9.a Stay and plan a trap.  
9.9.b Advance into the Path as a collaborative effort.  
9.8.* Something else (write-in).  




Chapter 9 - The New Path  


Advance into the Path as a collaborative effort. 


Chester leads the way, to start you off, apparently seeing it as his responsibility.  


“C’mere,” a raccoon tells you. He wears loose clothing with a scarf, apparently. The white facial markings in his fur stand out as light gray, almost glowing in the light of candles around him, his eyes a black void in the midst of it. “Stay off the street. A gang of liars out there. Want to be careful. Easy to be misled. Can trust us, though. We ain't liars. Tell you, run into one, call them out for what they are, but careful. Lost that’s inclined to shiv you is going to shiv you, you call them a liar when they ain’t. Thieves’ll take from you right then and there, however they go about it.” 


A Lost with a helmet that encapsulates most of his head, with no head apparent within, wearing a highly decorated outfit, leans against the wall, clearly off-duty. The decorations stand out as light gray against the rest of him. He carries a musket and whip, and speaks with culture. “Ladies, gents, gentry, I'll tell you how I dealt with thieves, when I walked the far reaches and whatever you might call the opposite of the far reaches, where realms overlapped. This is before I deserted, I'll admit I did that, but-” 


“But you didn’t lose your respect for yourself or for others,” the racoon says, matching cadence and tone to the military man’s. He’s heard this many times. 


“So I'll tell you how I dealt with thieves. Got to give them something. It doesn’t have to be much, but their type, they’ve got to feel as if they came away from it by taking advantage of you. A coin will do. But if you give away something, and then you walk a little down the road to the next group, you can’t give them the same. You gotta give them more. So it’s better to only do it when you know you're dealing with a thief.”  


“You're lucky,” the racoon says. “We just ate and drank, we’re in a good mood, came from The Pound, watched a show. So we're not going to bother you. But others will. Be careful.”






The plan?  


9.10.* Say or ask something.  
9.10.-> Move on.  
9.10.V Duck into a side alley, where some Lost are conversing.






Chapter 9 - The New Path  


Ask where we might get some refreshments ourselves. 


“Number of places. We're too sated and tired to be any help or trouble,” the raccoon-headed man tells you. “Down the main thoroughfare or down a side alley, might be something. For a game, or a challenge. There’s a bit of everything everywhere.” 


“Don’t tarry,” the deserter says. “If you linger, that has implications, stranger. And if you imply to us, or challenge us, we might well stop being harmless, gentle, and straight with you.”






The plan?  


9.10.* Say or ask something.  
9.10.-> Move on.  
9.10.V Duck into a side alley, where some Lost are conversing.






((Oh, I guess if you want to go back through the entrance, it's ⬅️))




((You had a general sense of what was going on there, but can't see in.))




((Retcon, Brick attributed onto Flanagan.  Missed that vote while setting things up.))






Chapter 9 - The New Path  


You approach a pair of Lost who are playing cards. One is a desperado type, black hat, black bandana, black vest and shirt, black pants, and a combination rocking horse-sleigh he’s sitting askew on, one leg pulled up in front of him. His eyes glow grey. He’s playing with a child with an oversized school uniform and cap, sleeves dangling over hands, with a massive bag. 


“I'm going to have to insist you play a hand, stranger. I’m the Grift Horse, that boy there is my latest mark. The game is Ante Thanky Antsy Shanky, and make sure you call it that, even when you're thinking it, or you get shanked, doesn’t matter where you are. Ante up three items you own, obligatory. They're up for grabs. The rest of us do the same. It'll have to be two of you three, the bag boy and myself for four at a table.”






The plan?  


9.11.a Pick what items you ante. 
9.11b Talk about something else, delay.  




Health: UUUUUUUX 
Morale: ++++++X






Chapter 9 - The New Path 


In an eyeblink, the Other leans forward, a blade in hand, eyebrow raised, one glowing eye larger than the other. A trickle of black blood runs from a fresh wound to the knife. 


“I dont enjoy doing that, please do focus,” he says, withdrawing, and wiping the blade. “It’s a game, and it stops being fun if you go and get yourself killed at the end of my blade, see?”






Health: UUUUUUXX 
Morale: ++++++X






Chapter 9 - The New Path 


After stabbing you the second time, he resumes shuffling. “What are your suits? Two each, thank you.” 


“Adventures and messages,” Chester says, taking a seat.






Your suits?  
9.12.*






Chapter 9 - The New Path  


“I’m young so I’m only the one suit,” the boy says. “Bombs.”  


“Bombs. Slight adjustment, and... dealing out the deck.” 


You get your cards. 


2 of Messages, 8 of Messages, 9 of Messages  
Maiden of Messages, The Last Message, 3 of Adventures 
4 of Adventures, Maiden of Adventures, Turn of the Adventure  
The Adventurer’s Stars, Ace of Knights, 3 of Knights  
The Knight’s Stars, Ace of Whispers, Six of Whispers  
Seven of Whispers, Eight of Whispers, Nine of Whispers  
Maid of Whispers, Queen of Whispers, King of Whispers 
Stars of the Whisperer, The Last Whisper, Eight of Shears  
Jack of Shears, Maid of Shears, Queen of Shears 
The Shears, 9 of Escapes, 10 of Escapes 
2 of Bombs, 9 of Bombs, 10 of Bombs  
Maid of Bombs, The Bomb’s Fall, Stars of the Bomb  
The Bomb






Health: UUUUUXXX
Morale: ++++++X






%roll 1d12
[11] = 11






Chapter 9 - The New Path 


“The game is Ante Thanky Antsy Shanky, any Lost or Paths practitioner should know how to play it. We’re playing for one, then two, then three, then four of the items up for ante, then packing up, drawing out three plus ante, and playing for life and money, taking home the paper.” 


He reaches over, then puts one of the items he put up for ante on the table.  




7  
Raving Rove 


A pair of fine black boots with spurs. The noises they make are eerily out of sync with one’s footsteps. High-end. 


Equip: Defensive equipment, bottom right corner. Up to two masteried mental afflictions/banes are beneficial. The first morale loss on each expedition is morale gain instead. Grants:  
[Stir Crazy] [Trade Secrets]  
[Kicking and Screaming]  




“Might have to let that one go,” the Grift Horse tells the table. “Six card hand, just like there’s six shots in my revolver.” 


“Pick six cards we have to play? Hands work the same way they do in card sets?” Chester asks. 


“Yes,” the boy with the oversized bag says. 


“Not so different from poker hands,” Chester says, glancing at you. “Few complications in the mix.”






Health: UUUUXXXX 
Morale: ++++++X






Chapter 9 - The New Path  


Chester gets stabbed in the hand, impaling it to the table. 


“The trials of a new Path. Do me a favor and get me a first aid kit, Conrad?” he asks, grimacing. 


Conrad opens his bag, digging inside. 


Chester turns to you. “How hard are you playing for the boots, partner?”  


He has a handkerchief in his hand, and uses it to motion. You didn’t catch his intent at first, but it seems he’s looking for a signal.






Chapter 9 - The New Path 


“The motley practitioner...?” 


“Sinclair.” 


“A once-gilded four-of-a-kind,” Conrad observes, looking over your shoulder. 


[The Adventurer’s Stars, The Knight’s Stars, Stars of the Whisperer, The Shears, Stars of the Bomb, 8 of Shears]


“The other practitioner plays... 


“Two of a kind,” Conrad notes.  


[3 of Escapes, 3 of Messages, 5 of Knights, 6 of Bombs, Maiden of Knights, Queen of Knights]
 
“Bag boy plays... hand forfeit. 


[The Messenger’s Fall, Ace of Messages, 4 of Shears, Stars of the Messenger, SCRATCH, Maiden of Escapes]


“Makes sense,” Conrad says, looking over the card that's so damaged it can’t be read any more. “I guess that was added to the deck to even out the cards. You don't want to be holding that at the end of the game.”  


“And I will cap us off,” the Grift Horse says. “High card gilded four times over. I'll take my boots back.” 


[The Escape, The Message, The Adventure, 10 of Shears, The Whisper, The Moonlit Adventurer]


“We can relax a bit,” the bag boy says. “The gang of dodgers will hit and run or they'll chase you, harassing you continuously. But if you wait a bit, they aren't patient.”  


“I assume we shouldn't sit and linger with non-Dodgers,” Chester says.  


“Unless there’s a game like this at hand, but they'll play their own tricks with those games,” the Grift Horse says.






%roll 2d4
[1] [1] = 2


%roll 2d3
[1] [1] = 2






Chapter 9 - The New Path 


Chester accepts your help, and you tend to his wound. While you're doing it, the Grift Horse gouges the back of your hand, getting blood on the bandages.  


Health: UUUXXXXX
Morale: ++++++X  


“You're annoying,” Clover tells him. 


“I'm playing the game. Next.”  




0
Lost Coin  
This coin depicts a complete map of the Paths against a backdrop of all realms, known and unknown. The Paths are color matched to the Paths. The other realms are painted in green for some reason. 


Use: Lost Coin. You're getting a sense of how these work.  




0
Lost Coin  
A gargantuan and regal Lost Penny identifies as the Queen of Ends is painted front and center, pale. Green flakes away at the edges. 


Use: Lost Coin. You're getting a sense of how these work. 
“Six cards. What are your plays?”






2 of Messages, 8 of Messages, 9 of Messages  
Maiden of Messages, The Last Message, 3 of Adventures 
4 of Adventures, Maiden of Adventures, Turn of the Adventure  
The Ace of Knights, 3 of Knights, Ace of Whispers
Six of Whispers, Seven of Whispers, Eight of Whispers
Nine of Whispers, Maid of Whispers, Queen of Whispers
King of Whispers, The Last Whisper, Jack of Shears
Maid of Shears, Queen of Shears, 9 of Escapes
10 of Escapes, 2 of Bombs, 9 of Bombs
10 of Bombs, Maid of Bombs, The Bomb’s Fall
The Bomb




-# Used cards removed. 
-# Tidied up inconsistent spelling-out and short form.  (ie. 'Eight' and '8')






“You didn't say you're playing Ante Thanky Antsy Shanky.”  


The point of the swordpoint axe sticks out of the shoulder of the Grift Horse. He looks down at it, then up at you, before laughing, sitting back, with the weapon still sticking out of his chest. 


“That doesn’t matter,” he says. He kicks the table and slides back on the sleigh-rocking horse setup, and pulls away from the axe in the process. He reaches into a pocket. “I made up the game, made up the rule, stabbed you when I felt like it.” 


He tosses a pair of green herbs onto the table. “I’m out.”  


Then he kicks the ground. There's little friction on the bottom of his ride, and he coasts away, leaning one way or the next to steer past the crowd. 


“So the liars don’t have to lie every time they speak,” Chester says. “Okay.” 


“Any objections to playing this out?” the bag boy asks. “Take your herbs, we carry on, no punishment for saying it wrong, but the three of us play for the items?”






Your suits? 


9.13.a Keep playing (using the hand you just declared)  


9.13.b Decline playing. The items are likely forfeit if you do.






Chapter 9 - The New Path 


“We'll play. What’s your name?”  


“Pell.” 


"Chester, for helping with your first aid, mind if I take a green herb and one to grow? Or else, if you'd happen to have another kit like that?” 


“Take it. You saved my boy from some injury and spotted the threat. Just to warn, however, I may be playing more aggressively for future hands. I brought essential items with me, in case I needed to carry a lot out, and didn’t anticipate losing any of it. But, in the interest of carrying more things out... do you want a boon, Conrad?” 


“Wouldn't mind, sir.” 


“Alright, then. Let's see where we stand,” Chester says. “High card for you, Last Message.” 


The Last Message Turn of the Adventure Ace of Knights 
Queen of Shears 10 of Bombs The Bomb’s Fall  


Chester turns over his cards. "Would that I could invert this. Small house."  


Moonlit Whispers Moonlit Escape Moonlit Bomb  
Sun above Escape Sun above the Bomb Stars of the Escape  


“Three pair,” Pell says. 


Turncoat Knight Jack of Knights King of Knights  
Turncoat Message Jack of Whispers King of Bombs






Pell takes the coins. 


“I think ‘the paper’ means we keep the leftover card once all hands are played out,” Chester tells you. “If you have any trinkets or boons that mix up the cards you have, don’t go holding onto any cards of the Scratch suit. And I don’t advise holding onto any gilded cards.” 


“Oh, yeah,” Conrad says. 


“Are you going to tell them not to wear their pants on their head, or explain what a card is?” Pell asks. “Of course you don’t hold onto scratch cards.” 


“It's not intuitive to non-Lost,” Penny says. “They don’t have a sense of the rules of the game when they sit down to play.” 


“Weird,” Posie says, as Pell nods agreement.






%roll 3d4
[2] [4] [2] = 8


%roll 2d3+1
[1] [1] + 1 = 3






Chapter 9 - The New Path


"Randomly selecting," Pell says.


“Humans can’t be truly random either, " Penny says.


“You'll have to teach me more of this strangeness,” Posie says. “In exchange, I'll give you some much-needed help with your appearance.” 


“Be nice,” Clover warns. 


“Yay, help,” Penny says, quiet. 




2 
Poet’s Bullet 
This ornate, old bullet is etched with rhyming, repeating words, and has rainbow hues to the metal. 


Consumable: Deal 1 damage to a target. If a verse, musical effect, or social effect was utilized recently, it echoes at reduced effect.  


Can be used with various Lost ranged weaponry. May require work to fit non-guns. 




3
Chunk of Messages
A dense, shifting cluster of Pathstuff, including envelopes, seals, stamps, emblems, passports, postcards, and more. 


Use: Produces a tier 0 Paths consumable every 4 nodes traveled. 50% chance that consumable is message related, if applicable. If two non-message related are generated in a row, downgrades. If two uncommon or rare consumables are generated in a row, downgrades.  




2
Wound Snips
This tiny pair of scissors has bone handles around a dark red metal. The bone looks like the tiny, shattered bones of a bird or rodent, the crimson like blood... but whimsical somehow.  


Consumable: Inflict a wound to remove a deep wound or cut off bleeding. Can be used on other conditions and afflictions, but has a chance of not working, & a chance of breakage  




You eat one of the green herbs. As you heal, you feel health drain away by the same measure, but you feel sated. The effect seems to be ongoing. 


Health: UUUXXXXX
Morale: ++++++X  
Supply: OOOOOOOOIOO






What hand do you play?  


9.14.a Pick six cards 
9.14.b Back out. You're no longer interested.






Chapter 9 - The New Path 


“Third hand...” 


“Three pair,” Penny observes aloud. 


2 of Messages 3 of Adventures 9 of Escapes  
2 of Bombs 3 of Knights 9 of Bombs  


“Short straight, flush,” Chester declares, turning over his cards. 


5 of Adventures 6 of Adventures 7 of Adventures 
8 of Adventures 9 of Adventures 2 of Escapes  


“Three pair,” the boy says. 


Moonlit Knight Queen of Escapes The Last Bomb  
Moonlit Message Queen of Messages The Last Knight  


Chester Garrick takes the items. 


You continue to regenerate from the Herb. The Wraps channel that healing to other ends. 


Health: UUUXXXXX
Morale: ++++++X  
Supply: OOOOOOOOOIO






%roll 4d6
[4] [3] [4] [5] = 16






2  
Juggler’s Cap 
This simple flat cap features a hard inner lining to protect the head. Stylish, if threadworn.  


Equipment: Worn in the top right slot. Thrown projectiles and spent offensive consumables have a 16% chance to return to the user. They expire at combat end. Can catch returning and rebounding projectiles with pips opposite those callled for. Grants  


[Tosser]




8
Clash Cleats  
These cleats never go with one’s outfit, in color or texture. Spikes at the toes make them intimidating. 


Equipment: Worn in the bottom right slot. In the first round of combat, you always choose who starts where & who starts, you always get advantage, unless a similar effect is in play. if you would be exhausted, get stronger instead. Grants:  


[Berserk Fury] [Reckless Swing]  
[Clash]




2
Club Clenchers
These heavy gloves have bars of gnarled wood running along the knuckles, and the clubs suit recurs as a motif. 


Equipment: Worn in the bottom left or middle left slot. While equipped, a random equipment- granted card will be tripled within your deck each combat, and another card won't appear. Gives: 
[Trump Card]  




2
Boonboom
A cast metal sphere with a fuse. The sphere is pearlescent and platinum. It seems wasteful to use.  


Consumable: Thrown, remains on the battlefield, can be knocked away/into enemy ranks. Explodes after a duration. When this or another bomb you own explodes, gain a temporary boon (does not count against mastery cap). Spent on use.






What hand do you play?  


9.14.a Pick six cards 
9.14.b Back out. You're no longer interested.






Chapter 9 - The New Path 


“Five of a kind, gilded once.” 


Maiden of Messages Maiden of Adventures Maiden of Whispers  
Maiden of Shears Maiden of Bombs The Bomb


“Flush cosmos, bookended, gilded once.”  


Ace of Shears Shears by Moonlight Shears in Sunlight  
Shears of Starlight The Last Shears The Knight


“High card, Whisperer’s fall.”  


3 of Whispers 5 of Messages 8 of Knights 
Knight in Sunlight 9 of Shears The Whisperer’s Fall  


Chester Garrick takes the items. 


“It's something of a point of pride for me,” Chester says. “My father got the family established in the practitioner community by writing the seminal text on cards across the Paths. Not card games, but still. Until one of the larger families followed up with something more comprehensive, it was what we were known for.” 


You finish regenerating from the Herb. The Wraps channel that healing to other ends. 




Health: UUUXXXXX
Morale: ++++++X  
Supply: OOOOOOOOOOI






%roll 4d19
[7] [6] [11] [16] = 40


%roll 4d13
[1] [3] [2] [1] = 7






Chapter 9 - The New Path  


“So we pack up,” the boy says. With deft movements, he scoops up each individual deck of cards, shuffles them, and then deals. “Then deal out three plus ante for the final hand. You anted two coins and an herb, net plus one...” 


You get your cards. 


8 of Messages 9 of Messages 4 of Adventures 
Ace of Whispers 


“I brought it up when Mosse was around,” Chester says, glancing in the direction of the door to make sure Flanagan hasn’t reached you. “We distribute books. Or, technically, an enclave we associate with does. We do have books on identifying cards so you know what they do before you use them, the book I showed you, and a few of the essentials. I'm not sure how interested you are in that?” 


“The man gets ten. And I get eleven,” the boy says. 


“Final prizes. Well, mostly.”  




1
Herb, Teal
When you think this herb is more blue than not, it shifts toward green, and vice-versa. A dandelion-like growth.


Consumable: It's a herb. You don't know enough about Path herbs to know what it is or what it might do.




4
Bomb Dispenser
Dispenses basic, oridnary bombs for regular use. Is less effective if carried/worn.


Use: Worn as a trinket (any middle slot), produces a bomb every three nodes.
Asset: Produces 1d3 bombs after every expedition.




The boy sighs. “I don’t think this should end in murder, since the desperado who rides the Grift Horse isn’t around anymore, but there should be a consequence. You had a real chance to get some good things, and you barely put anything forward. What do you guys think is fair?”






What next? 
Backing out isn’t an option for the final hand.  


9.14.* Make your argument/do something else 
9.14.a Be silent, play your four cards.






((Vote below, please))






Chapter 9 - The New Path 


“Hey, an Escapes card might be my best shot at getting out of here, and I don't think I'm winning this hand. Could you try to end up with one? We could make a trade.” 


“I can’t comment on my hand, but I couldn’t make any promises in good faith,” he tells you. 


Say you don't think any extra consequences, besides the near-guaranteed loss you're getting this round, are needed. You didn't know the rules of the game or the stakes until after you offered your items, thanks to Grift Horse. Grift Horse, the one who anted the most, also got plenty rewarded in stabbing you. Everything is still fair -- you anted the least, and benefitted the least from this game. 


“If everyone played that way, the games would have no stakes,” the boy says. “And you are on a path of knives in the dark. These things only work if you go with the flow, and the flow here is... if you don’t keep up, you bleed. That's true whether you're up against the knives, the dodgers, snatchers, the deceivers, the liars, or the other group.” 


“A wound, then,” Chester says. “A bad one, that takes time to heal.” 


“Two. One from each other person at the table,” the boy says. 


“Perhaps, and I only say that because I'm going with the flow,” Chester says. “What do you think?”






What next? 
Backing out isn’t an option for the final hand.  


9.15.* ...?






Quick vote to decide consensus, since there was a last minute entry that seems popular-ish:




%roll 11d12
[10] [7] [3] [6] [10] [11] [3] [10] [7] [2] [8] = 77






Chapter 9 - The New Path 


“Sure. That works.” 


“Then let's get underway.”  


You attribute empty from the Wood Hollow onto Pell, and as it settles, he drops his cards. As they flip through the air and tumble to ground, they lose suits and other markings, then background, becoming card backs without card fronts, then nothing at all. 


“Oh. By the back end of the Queen of Ends,” the boy mutters, looking down. He pauses, then draws the sole card from the remainder of his card pile. “I’m in my rights to empty my seat and keep my remaining paper. Which I’m now very tempted to use.” 


He holds up the four of bombs. 


“I might be stepping out soon, then,” Chester says, to you. “Would you allow us to play this out?” 


“I would,” Pell says. 


“Then,” Chester says, looking at you. “When you're ready.”  


“I hope you're a fast runner,” Conrad adds.






Play hand? Ask something? Preparations? 
Backing out isn’t an option for the final hand.  


9.16.* ...?






%roll 4d13
[13] [1] [4] [3] = 21






Chapter 9 - The New Path  


You use Ivory for an Eye and see the alternate cards. It appears Chester’s cards will change too. The four of bombs seems to be stable - maybe because Pell doesn’t have any cards left. 


4 of Adventures 7 of Whispers 8 of Whispers 


The Last Whisper






%roll 1d9
[2] = 2






Chapter 9 - The New Path


You play out your cards, standing, with one eye on your escape route. Clover, Posie, and Penny stand ready to run or help clear the way.  


8 of Messages 9 of Messages 4 of Adventures 
4 of Escapes Jack of Messages Turncoat Escapist 
4 of Messages Jack of Bombs Turncoat Whisperer  


“Three pair wins,” Pell says. “Take your prizes, take your paper. “Queen of bombs,” Chester says, handing it to Conrad.  


“And you, stranger. With the way this played out, one card max. I'd have you draw one, but you have...” 


His hand is over your remaining card. He offers it for you to take. When you do, he uses the card's edge to cut your hand open with a papercut. It feels like he cut something more integral than skin or muscle. 


Health: UU[X]XXXXX


“I'm sorry, I’m obliged. I suggested the wound because you said you were proficient at medical care,” Chester explains. He drives a knife into the table- severing a finger. 


Health: U[X][X]XXXXX






Leaving you to take the card: 




1
Ace of Whispers  
A child stands in darkness, with upward crescents for eyes and a smile of a downward crescent or mouth. There are hands on their shoulders, and the teeth of a mouth by their ear. The rest of the figure is in shadow.  


Use: Used on the Paths, function unknown. There's a variety of cards out there, with an underlying logic, and apparently you can collect hands of cards to great effect. Good luck! 




You prepare to run. As you look, the boy waves the card through the air. Something bulges from the card face, then plops down onto the game table. It's a cast metal sphere, taller than you are, with a lit fuse.






Your move?  


9.17.<- Go back toward the entrance  
9.17.^ Go up to a nook where it looks like a card game ended in murder, with odds and ends lying around.  
9.17.V Go to what might be a black market.  
9.17.-> Go ahead to the next gathering of Lost on the thoroughfare.  
9.17.* Something else.






((Feathers' addition might warrant being a agreetokipona/disagreetokipona vote))
((As with Spell's))






Chapter 9 - The New Path  


The bomb’s fuse burning out behind you, Lost making their exits - stepping into the boarded up buildings they're camped outside, lifting up shutters to go inside, or running off into side alleys, you push back toward the entrance, where Flanagan is crossing from the Pound to this new Path. Something about him makes you think ‘red’, even when he’s not.  


His eyes light up as he spots you.






Your move?  


9.18.<- Go back toward the entrance  
9.18.V Duck down to a side alley where a gathering of Lost are conversing. 
8.18.-> Go back to the bomb.  
9.18.* Something else.






Are 🎴 and stranger mutually exclusive?


(stranger goes in the above vote, because it's deciding a direction and is mutually exclusive with ⬅️/➡️)




%roll 2l6-2 (3+ for Flanagan to beat, 2l6 because stealth, -2 because obscurity)
"(3+ for Flanagan to beat, 2l6 because stealth, -2 because obscurity)" [3] (6) - 2 = 1






Chapter 9 - The New Path 


Cloaked in smoke from the signet, the darkness of the Path helping with the blackness of the sweater, you manage to slip past him without him intercepting. Passing as close by him as you do, he is alerted to your presence, and turns, late. 


He howls.






Morale: ++XXXXX






What next? 


9.19.a-k Return to any space you've been to before.  
9.19.q Go to where some older disciples of Lost fighting are talking seriously. Many lappear to be teachers and mentors. 
9.19.v Go to where people are betting on the ring two matches. 
9.19.t Go to where some Lost are getting so worked up they’re fighting one another. 
9.19.x Enter the arena to fight. 
9.19.y Go back to the entrance. 
9.19.z Watch and wait.




Chapter 9 - The New Path  


You pause to slip the key into the nearest space that could work like a keyhole, and bring out spikes, that protrude as much as you rotate the key. After leaving the doorway in a morass of long, thin blades, spike studs, and razor wire, passable, but not without being sliced up, you then back away, running. 


You make it to the info booth at the landing between the Dogwood Witch’s shop and the entrance when you hear the next howl. It’s reduced in effect, perhaps because Flanagan is only partially through the door between Paths. 


Morale: +XXXXXX  


When strain is too great and resources are thin, you find yourself thinking of your lack of roots, your lost connections. You are, you know, a patchwork person, and one of the only things going for you is your connection to childhood and the Paths - the boon companions you chose to save, your own childhood and the time with your old friend... you want and need to share that and connect with people on some level, with that. 


And you don’t. not enough. Not even with the new addition. And it eats at you. Your thoughts turn to the unfinished project, and that eats at you more. You have flashbacks to being eaten, torn apart and put back together, like the things you, as the surgeon, took apart in that shack in the woods, to see how they ticked.






UNRESTRAINED CREATIVITY
Major


When you create something by craft or by ritual, you have immense trouble bringing yourself to stop at the finish line. There is a 66% chance you'll find yourself compelled to carry on, taking it up a level in value and extending the project to be something else, with additional costs and ingredients. At the end of each downtime, if no appreciable progress was made, lose 3 morale or drop to one morale, and the project is abandoned completely. Otherwise, lose 1 morale for each unfinished project. When the project is done, roll again, with a -16% to the roll.






What next? 


9.19.a-k Return to any space you've been to before.  
9.19.q Go to where some older disciples of Lost fighting are talking seriously. Many lappear to be teachers and mentors. 
9.19.v Go to where people are betting on the ring two matches. 
9.19.t Go to where some Lost are getting so worked up they’re fighting one another. 
9.19.x Enter the arena to fight. 
9.19.y Go back to the entrance. 
9.19.z Watch and wait.






%roll 1d3 (on 2, block bane from worsening)


"(on 2, block bane from worsening)" [2] = 2






Chapter 9 - The New Path 


As you approach the entrance, you can see the way home, the light on the other side, away from the howling, the din, and everything else. 


The candle, back home, white and pristine, burned like a wax candle might, but it burned something pristine and bright and it deposited a kind of insulation onto your skin, Self, and Soul. It makes it easy to shrug off the changes... or contain them, as it may be. 


The new layers to Unrestrained Creativity fall away. It returns to being something less serious.






%roll 1d3
[3] = 3


%roll 3d3
[2] [2] [3] = 7


%roll 3d3
[3] [2] [3] = 8


%roll 7d3
[3] [1] [2] [2] [1] [1] [1] = 11


%roll 2d3
[3] [1] = 4


%roll 4d3
[3] [3] [3] [1] = 10


%roll 7d3
[1] [2] [2] [2] [3] [1] [2] = 13


%roll 7d3
[1] [3] [3] [1] [2] [1] [2] = 13






[DOWNTIME IX]




End of Chapter 9 - Going Home


You observed some details about the lingering effects of instability and the state of the Dogwood Witch after exposure to horrors.  


[Instability I clue]


You fossicked an workaround to the left gate, and gained some favor with the Top Dog, before finishing it.


[Spubs II clue] [Spubs I clue] [Paths II clue]


You got the boon, Dog in the Fight.


[Dog I clue] [Dog I clue] [Dog I clue]






You recruited your first Lost companion.  


[Paths I clue]


You met two new practitioner groups, Chester and Conrad Garrick, and Edmund Mosse  


[Paths II clue] [Paths I clue]


You entered a new Path, as of yet unnamed.  


[Murder I clue]


You foiled a liar and a murderer, an unnamed desperado who rode the Grift Horse.  


[Paths I clue]






End of Chapter 9 - Going Home


The Other you've named Dodo Boy has left you something on your pillow. He couldn't have known, but it seems apt.  




0
Paths Herb, Green  
These herbs look like weeping willows, but small, green, and they shed confetti-like seedlets in all sorts of shapes. 


Consumable: You could try eating it. It's an herb. It's a restorative.  




You also have an envelope from Gadsen. Your research notes earned $7.13, and your field notes earned $.92. Adding your remaining money from before, you have $15.  


The bud of the Kingsfall white flower has grown into a second flower.  


Your Snail boon has improved. You can now, once per quest chain, narrow down the location of the fetch item, the recipient, or the prize. Your Black Suits You boon has gained experience. 


You gained some information from your brush with Flanagan... 


[Paths I clue] [Rapacious I clue]


And the total benefits from the gate & top dog’s favor, with the writing kit taken into account, are... 


[Dog I clue] [Spubs II clue] [Spubs II clue] [Paths II clue]






%roll 1d10
[9] = 9


%roll 2d10
[6] [2] = 8


%roll 3d3
[3] [3] [3] = 9


%roll 1d24
[11] = 11


((Noted))


%roll 1d2
[2] = 2






End of Chapter 9 - Going Home  


Corkboard: 


9: Tracing Associations 


Clues belonging to the same clue family may be paired up - if so, create another clue of that family that isn’t on the corkboard. 


Parents:    Children:


[Realms III clue] [Visceral I clue] -> [Interact I clue]
[Horror II clue] [Scrivening II clue] -> [Primordial II clue]
[Overwrite I clue] [Instability I clue] -> [Scatter  I clue]




This downtime, the surgeon itches. You have a bonus Craft action, where resources should include at least 50% biological products, meat, bone, etc. Dollars invested increases value, adding magical resources increases chance it’s magical, and related clues help decide direction.  


Things are restless at work, but the strike hasn't started yet. It may be imminent. You can go to your job interview as part of any shopping or explore action in the city. 


Dus Diaspora has arrived, packaged neatly in black paper. It rustles and moves slightly out of sync of you jostling the package.






Interlude 9


You have access to the Empty House, your new accommodations. The threat has been brought down to a low enough level you shouldn't have to worry about something biting your throat, grabbing you, or injecting venom into you while you sleep.  


It is littered with detritus, garbage, and piles of things. These piles are labeled. With a maintenance action (half downtime), and passively, over time (end of downtime), you'll clear up piles where you're active, or from your chosen bedroom out. Piles are decks of cards containing assets (many damaged or low quality), tools and equipment, mundane consumables, items, resources, sellables, items that work as gifts, clues, trash, nasty surprises (for minor health or morale damage), and minor events that speed up or slow down cleaning, among other things. 


These piles are loosely themed. When cleared, they can offer benefits, including opening up more space, or the space functioning like a minor asset unto itself. 


Each star inside a circle means the area can hold 5 minor assets or one major one, essentially the same as what your room at the Boarding House provided. 


Maintenance will draw 2d3 cards from a pile. Piles can have 5-15 cards. Followers and companions can be brought in, and help can likely be hired.






How do you spend your downtime?  


9.i.1.a Explore a location known to you.  
9.i.1.b Shopping to go see what's available in stores (or call the Gadsens to buy a book! from them) 
9.i.1.e Reading, reading a book to make some headway. You're best at reading Paths and Scrivening texts. 
9.i.1.f Surveil, stalking and watching a person, place, or thing, or spend a while observing and interacting with a thing. 
9.i.1.g Investigate, reading, making calls, and doing background research to tackle the mysteries and hand, for a safe but sure way to build up your knowledge about the puzzles before you. 
9.i.1.h Utilize Intelligence - This works differently now, and is more focused on making guesses and managing your growing collection of clues. 
9.i.1.i Research, with research not requiring a downtime slot, just this downtime. You'll want to name what you're researching. 
9.i.1.j Ritual, performing a ritual you know. 
9.i.1.k Craft, make something 
9.i.1.l Organize, reach out to your family unit or another group you're part of. Includes meeting with your current band of allies. 
9.i.1.m Do two different Half Actions to fill one downtime slot: 
> Basic First Aid - Heal a heart. 
> Light Relaxation - Heal a morale 
> Light Socialization - Spend time with someone, observations & maintenance on a relationship. Or go on a date. 
> Maintenance - Clean your home/workspace, check wards and do general upkeep. 
> Skim Read - Lightly peruse some material for a 1d3 reading roll. 
> Work - Earn some money (see your Assets page for how much) 
9.i.1.n Surgeon Crafting, make a possible magic item.






Interlude 9 


[Nature I clue] 


All deep wounds are executed the same way, and with a freshly lost digit and a bit of magical healing, there's a simple 50% chance that your finger will reattach and the wound be healed, rolled twice because you have medical knowledge.






%roll 1d2 (reattach?  Does healing work?  Yes on 2)
"(reattach?  Does healing work?  Yes on 2)" [1] = 1


%roll 2d3
[1] [3] = 4


%roll 3d2 (remainder of healing)
"(remainder of healing)" [2] [1] [1] = 4


Health: UU[X]XXXXX
Morale: +XXXXXX


%roll 1d2 (2nd roll, surgeon)
"(2nd roll, surgeon)" [2] = 2






Interlude 9 


The finger reattaches with a bit of tweezer-use to get stuff in order and ingestion of the green herb.






((If you own both the house and you're renting the boarding house, costs are going to be higher.  For simplicity's sake, I'll say yes, owning the house counts as there being mess.))




((The latter.  Obsessively clean.))




((I'd generally put passive healing last, unless there was something like obsessively clean that dinged health or morale at downtime's end.))






How do you spend your downtime?  


9.i.1.a Explore a location known to you.  
9.i.1.b Shopping to go see what's available in stores (or call the Gadsens to buy a book! from them) 
9.i.1.e Reading, reading a book to make some headway. You're best at reading Paths and Scrivening texts. 
9.i.1.f Surveil, stalking and watching a person, place, or thing, or spend a while observing and interacting with a thing. 
9.i.1.g Investigate, reading, making calls, and doing background research to tackle the mysteries and hand, for a safe but sure way to build up your knowledge about the puzzles before you. 
9.i.1.h Utilize Intelligence - This works differently now, and is more focused on making guesses and managing your growing collection of clues. 
9.i.1.i Research, with research not requiring a downtime slot, just this downtime. You'll want to name what you're researching. 
9.i.1.j Ritual, performing a ritual you know. 
9.i.1.k Craft, make something 
9.i.1.l Organize, reach out to your family unit or another group you're part of. Includes meeting with your current band of allies. 
9.i.1.m Do two different Half Actions to fill one downtime slot: 
> Basic First Aid - Heal a heart. 
> Light Relaxation - Heal a morale 
> Light Socialization - Spend time with someone, observations & maintenance on a relationship. Or go on a date. 
> Maintenance - Clean your home/workspace, check wards and do general upkeep. 
> Skim Read - Lightly peruse some material for a 1d3 reading roll. 
> Work - Earn some money (see your Assets page for how much) 
9.i.1.n Surgeon Crafting, make a possible magic item.






%roll 2h2 (heal DW on 2)
"(heal DW on 2)" [2] [2] = 2






Interlude 9


You take some things to the house, and hurting and exhausted, decide to take it easy, sorting yourself out, reclining on a sofa that's missing a leg, with your boon companions keeping a general eye out just in case there’s something lingering. Poseuse can be heard saying she wants the daughter’s bedroom, and she'll work extra hard if she can have it. 


In a conversation somehow related to that one, Penny starts talking about furniture that needs reupholstering, and wonders out loud if the skin from fish carcasses could be used for that, because who doesn't like that fine scaled feeling? Maybe you could make that your project, to appease the Surgeon inside you. Clover is apparently egging her on. 


Your eyes close. An indeterminate amount of time passes. They're still chattering, sweeping and poking their way through the things in the house. Clover can be heard explaining her irrational dislike of turtles and tortoises, which she recognizes as irrational, and she talks with Posie and Penny about how she might get over it soon, in case the snail boon leads you out to the Tortoise Stampede. 


In the end, you feel better after a few days of rest. Healing the injury to your hand seems to take most of your internal resources, as far as physical healing goes. 


Health: UUUUXXXX 
Morale: ++++XXX






How do you spend your downtime?  


9.i.1.a Explore a location known to you.  
9.i.1.b Shopping to go see what's available in stores (or call the Gadsens to buy a book! from them) 
9.i.1.e Reading, reading a book to make some headway. You're best at reading Paths and Scrivening texts. 
9.i.1.f Surveil, stalking and watching a person, place, or thing, or spend a while observing and interacting with a thing. 
9.i.1.g Investigate, reading, making calls, and doing background research to tackle the mysteries and hand, for a safe but sure way to build up your knowledge about the puzzles before you. 
9.i.1.h Utilize Intelligence - This works differently now, and is more focused on making guesses and managing your growing collection of clues. 
9.i.1.i Research, with research not requiring a downtime slot, just this downtime. You'll want to name what you're researching. 
9.i.1.j Ritual, performing a ritual you know. 
9.i.1.k Craft, make something 
9.i.1.l Organize, reach out to your family unit or another group you're part of. Includes meeting with your current band of allies. 
9.i.1.m Do two different Half Actions to fill one downtime slot: 
> Basic First Aid - Heal a heart. 
> Light Relaxation - Heal a morale 
> Light Socialization - Spend time with someone, observations & maintenance on a relationship. Or go on a date. 
> Maintenance - Clean your home/workspace, check wards and do general upkeep. 
> Skim Read - Lightly peruse some material for a 1d3 reading roll. 
> Work - Earn some money (see your Assets page for how much) 
9.i.1.n Surgeon Crafting, make a possible magic item.






((Errata: you have $9, not $15))




((1 morale at end of downtime))




((It does not increase with minor.  I wouldn't feel confident in saying you'd be 'totally fine'.  You'd be fine, barring outside or internal factors or influences.))




The machine finishes what you've already started.  If you start an escape rope, UC triggers, then the machine would let you accelerate to the end.  UC specifically works on those things that give you an item at the end.  Books count as items in that sense.


Removing UC would abort your project in progress.




((Yeah))




((Where in the house?))






Health: UUUUXXXX
Morale: +++++XX






Interlude 9


You unpack the machine in the garage, putting the balloon zipper aside for later. It takes a bit of finagling to figure out how different sub-components extend, fold in, or attach to one another, and then the configuration you need for this specific project, even with Penny, Clover, and Posie contributing their Lost perspectives. You put down papers with the scribbled down notes for the escape rope, set up the camera-like attachment above it, and project the writing into the machine’s interior. A few dials bring the resulting series of shadowy lines in the box together, until you have the right image. Another dial adds some color, and as it takes on a dark red hue, things come more into focus.  


Hauling on the lever, you bring the item to life. 


It's so fast that it surprises you, a little, sliding out the package before the lever is even all the way down. 




3
Escape Rope, Crimson  
This escape rope is a startling red. There's little indication of any of the macabre items used to make it.


Use: Immediately end a Path and return home. If worn as equipment, can be used at any time, even when an incoming attack is imminent. 2d4 cycle cooldown. Refreshes instantly if you kill an intelligent being.






The machine clunks, then beeps, long and loud. Internally, components can be heard straining against one another. A series of tabs, like those on a cash register, pop up, displaying a seven digit number, a display for ‘oil’ with a quantity indicator lights up, and a hand crank appears at the side.  


Clover gives the crank a turn and it seems to detach easily, to the point it requires some focus to keep cranking consistent. One tab at the far right drops down, and another appears, counting down. You pause, do some napkin math, watch as Penny takes a minute cranking, and work it out. 


Required: [Four downtime actions spent cranking, max 1/cycle] [$11 in oil]










Interlude 9


You call first, then walk over to Joanna’s. 


“Sinclair. You look beat up. I heard you cleared up a situation with the council. I hope this isn’t from that. What can I do for you?” 


“I’d like to handle this warped nurturing instinct I have. I’ve brought an item to generate silence for some privacy, is there any chance I could talk to the other fragments of my self?” 


“We can do that. Looking at this, it only keeps sound from one ear. I think it's more effective if I step into the other room for that same privacy. I still have soundproofing runes up, from when people were heckling me from the street. Call me if there are any issues.” 


She has you strip down to bare-minimum layers and lie down on a table. Then she draws out the spirits. The Surgeon, the Runaway, and Fostering. 


“I'll leave you to it,” she says. “Don’t take too long.” 


“She reminds me of the Kindest,” the Runaway notes, attention on Fostering as the comment is made. The Runaway sits on a dresser, legs in perpetual motion, kicking at air. “Ava has the Kindest inside her and it’s a bad fit. That might end badly.”






%roll 2d10
[6] [2] = 8






%roll 3d3
[3] [3] [3] = 9






%roll 1d24
[11] = 11






((Noted))






%roll 1d2
[2] = 2






What do you say or ask?
9.i.* ...






Interlude 9


Let’s get on the same page. I read Thorne’s notes. They implied that Beasts and Beauties have their own goals, separate from Hunters. What do you two want? What are your objectives? 


The Surgeon explains, “Every Beast and every Beauty has a goal, and it isn’t always finding a good match and putting the Bed and the Breakfast far behind them. I’ve dwelt in your head, so I know you know the Quarry’s goal is to help another win. They could themselves die, but if the designated person comes out the other end alive and successful, ready to leave the house for good, well, like any Lost, they can recorporeate, and the Wolf will leave them be.” 


“It's not only Beasts and Beauties,” the Runaway says. 


“Yes,” the Surgeon explains. “Every player in this game brings something unique to the table. Ava dreams, and appears to the others as a dreamer, you already know this. This gives her a unique approach, similar to your own. She and you are the only ones who see the house in red. She has something else she can do, with the red house. So do you.” 


“The last time a hunter graduated with his beast and his beauty, excepting Isabella, their unique thing was being able to play a game with the Wolf. Different game every time. If they won, they could ask a question about anyone but themselves. They were working with Josef, cooperating to riddle out the entire mystery of the Bed and the Breakfast, then betrayed him at the last second. Took his Beauty, his Beast. Now he’s afraid to leave.”






The Runaway explains, “That ‘hunter’ took The Calf and The Aspirant. The Calf had a secret requirement, to find and finish a story, and was looking for people who could enter people’s rooms or get their things some other way. The Aspirant had to win without anyone graduating with more compatibility than them.” 


The Surgeon adds, “Anyone they’d met, yes. They were worried if they waited too long, like Josepf was planning to, they might not be able to. So they worked with Josef’s friend to finish sooner.” 


“There are other requirements and rules for the others, and for the Surgeon and myself, but we're not telling,” the Runaway says. 


“If we told you, and then you rejected us, you’d be our enemy,” the Surgeon explains. “Right now, you’ve made one critical mistake, believing Isabella and rushing past the entire first phase. You've got a long way to go before we share information or work with you. When you get closer and prove there’s a chance you could make it through with us alongside you, we'll collaborate with you for our individual goals. Until then, please don’t die.”






What do you say or ask?
9.i.* ...






Interlude 9 


Can we take the same beauty or beast multiple times? Are there costs inherent to switching, beyond having to adapt to a new fit, and whatever chaos it brings?" 


The Surgeon tells you, “The only cost is the cost of going back. And when you go back, you can’t leave with the ones you had with you when you entered.” 


“That's why Josef needed to coordinate with his friend.” 


“You need more friends,” Fostering tells you. “You need people to care for, or your heart will harden. You'll die alone.”






What do you say or ask?
9.i.* ...






Interlude 9 


"Shut up, Fostering. Anyway, good talk, you two. I'll figure more out from here.  
And--I'll try not to die in the process." 
(End the conversation, and return to Joanna to ask her a couple questions.)  


“Can I sort out the spirit now? I'd rather not let it be freestanding for too long, or it might get ambulatory,” Joanna says. “I can answer your questions after.” 


What do you say or ask?  
9.i.* ...






Interlude 9


Joanna removes Fostering and puts it to rest, before putting all the parts of your Self back together. She washes her hands and sorts things out before pulling out a chair for you, having you take a seat at the table, and then sitting at the other end of the table from you, sighing.  


Ask Joanna for any tips in manipulating the banes bleeding out of the wound the Wolf caused -- ways to stunt them, guide how future ones might manifest, or temporarily suppress them. 


“There are mechanisms to manage those things. I’m less good at that. The way to think of this is that you have an open wound, that extends past skin, past Self, down to the Soul... the integral blueprint of you. And when I say it’s open, I mean it’s open like a door is open. Negative spirits will flow inside, find connections on the raw, ragged edges of the soul, and nestle in the gaps. Like attracts like, they build strength, and they consolidate into what you deal with. Even now, you're on the brink of another one waking up. It will approach from another angle than any of the ones you've had before. Your best bet, if you can’t close the wound, something that would require going back to how you got it in the first place, would be to stop the spirits from flowing in. Dorsey, our local Warden, would be the one to ask. You'd have to time it so he’s in town.”






Tell her you're going to a job interview with a professor who was harassed by a priest. It sounds eerily like her situation, so you'd like to know what the priest's name is, see if it's the same person. 


“Scott Aldrich. I can virtually guarantee it’s the same man. Of the other local churches, several took a gentler and supportive stance during wartime. Others pushed things too far, supported the Germans, and now that things have gone as far as they have, have no standing or supporters. Or at least, none who will voice their support in polite society. They'd be in trouble if they stuck their necks out.” 


She sighs. “Aldrich threaded the needle, and the more aggressive types from the other churches have migrated under his banner. His intolerance is more the classic sort. That women shouldn't do business. That anything spiritual that isn’t a specific brand of faith is an affront to God. I do both, so they target me. It would make sense for them to target an academic.” 


“Part of the reason practitioners don’t like crossing paths with the church is that there are Witch Hunters who use the church to keep an ear out. They would do so more with Aldrich’s type than the churches that are running drives and supporting soldiers. It might explain why Kane is holding back and avoiding dealing with these people. I won't pretend it makes a great deal of sense for Kane to act on my behalf, but they’re raising suspicion and alarm in a way that threatens all of us, and I'd expect a Lord to want to stop that.”






What do you say or ask?
(Probably the last question)
9.i.*






Interlude 9


Ask her how she's doing 


“I may be reaching the end of my limits. I know there are people like yourself who rely on me. But the way we are as a species, if we hear ten good things and ten bad from others, the bad weighs on us more. I’m not hearing ten good things for ten bad ones, or even three good things for every ten bad. I should warn you, I suppose, as much as you're helping me pay my way, it can’t keep me here forever. If I get too affected by all of this, so will my work.” 


She shifts position in her seat, picking at a doily under a candlestick on the dresser beside her. “I can’t promise the Lord at the place I may move to will let you come and go freely, even if you can manage the trip, so... perhaps you should think about ways to handle your condition without me, or with the knowledge that I will only be able to make the trip outside the Lord’s lordship once every month or two... with a corresponding increase in my costs.” 


“How long?” Penny asks. 


“Not today, not tomorrow. But I won't be staying a year. All I’m saying is to be aware.”






Interlude 9 


Ask her how she's doing 


On that somber note, she bids farewell. She takes her fee, five dollars, plus two for the ritual materials. 


You're in the right end of town for the interview, so you go. Its a stately house, though it looks like the furniture was once very fine and has carried the years poorly. Everything wobbles a little bit, or has chips, or years of being rubbed with oil has given it a waxy look. 


But he does love books, and has many. He isn’t even fully seated before he gives you your first, and possibly last set of questions. “Tell me what you've read, what you'd write, if you could, and why I should hire you.”






What do you say?


9.i.* ...






Interlude 9


“Where do I start...I’d say that I’ve enjoyed a wide variety of reading material. My father’s a doctor and my mother’s a nurse, so I absorbed a lot of that knowledge growing up. There’s the average dime novels I’ve voraciously read, of course, but I’ve also read on the body and physical training, some analytical notes, a wilderness guide with a good amount of botanical knowledge—Oh, I identified a poisonous flower used in funerals the other day, speaking of. And it’s not like I haven’t been actively looking into more, I just got a text on foreign language studies.” 


“If I could write...I have written before, but if I could write whatever I wanted, whenever I wanted? I’d like to focus on critical analysis—writing on stories themselves. Stories—even minor folklore, even dime store fiction—aren’t just mindless entertainment. They’re written for a reason, no matter how small, and exist in a greater world and context. I love to dig into that, to crack a story open, to pull out and dissect its themes, look at it through different lenses...You can really understand a story on a greater level when you do that.” 


“Pm pretty sure I don’t have a typical record compared to other people you’ve interviewed, but my life was a little derailed by the war—served as a medic, there. What I can say is that I’m dedicated, for one—my boss praised me for going above and beyond at my current workplace. And I have a pretty sharp mind. You won’t have to worry about me not being able to keep up.” 


Things move on from tea to conversation. You can spend clues on this conversation, representing topics and ideas you like. He may appreciate more practical ones and ones not specifically tied to practice. 


Either way, he'll let you know at the start of next Downtime. A die will be rolled. Clues & the above help.






Devote any clues?


9.i.* Yes (and list which ones).
9.i.b No.






How do you spend your downtime?  


9.i.1.a Explore a location known to you.  
9.i.1.b Shopping to go see what's available in stores (or call the Gadsens to buy a book! from them) 
9.i.1.e Reading, reading a book to make some headway. You're best at reading Paths and Scrivening texts. 
9.i.1.f Surveil, stalking and watching a person, place, or thing, or spend a while observing and interacting with a thing. 
9.i.1.g Investigate, reading, making calls, and doing background research to tackle the mysteries and hand, for a safe but sure way to build up your knowledge about the puzzles before you. 
9.i.1.h Utilize Intelligence - This works differently now, and is more focused on making guesses and managing your growing collection of clues. 
9.i.1.i Research, with research not requiring a downtime slot, just this downtime. You'll want to name what you're researching. 
9.i.1.j Ritual, performing a ritual you know. 
9.i.1.k Craft, make something 
9.i.1.l Organize, reach out to your family unit or another group you're part of. Includes meeting with your current band of allies. 
9.i.1.m Do two different Half Actions to fill one downtime slot: 
> Basic First Aid - Heal a heart. 
> Light Relaxation - Heal a morale 
> Light Socialization - Spend time with someone, observations & maintenance on a relationship. Or go on a date. 
> Maintenance - Clean your home/workspace, check wards and do general upkeep. 
> Skim Read - Lightly peruse some material for a 1d3 reading roll. 
> Work - Earn some money (see your Assets page for how much) 
9.i.1.n Surgeon Crafting, make a possible magic item.






((I guess.  Primeval II, Scatter I.))






Interlude 9 


You converse about trees, rhetoric, and you draw on some varied knowledge about government, commerce, the war, and science, sounding fairly compentent, if you may say so yourself. You say goodbye, shake his hand, and move on. 


Your work will be too grisly for the workshop at the university, and you don’t have a work table or cleared space in the house, so the process here will be a bit awkward. 


You are making something grisly. You have options here... you could replicate something you have... though that’s likely to be a Wolf item and might be upsetting, you could replicate something you've seen (traps count, given your history as the Surgeon), or you could try to invent something. The latter two would require more inspiration (clues), with the fact you've seen something in action helping to fill in blanks, effectively providing automatic inspiration to bring you partway.






What to do?


9.i.a Replicate something you have.
9.i.b Replicate something you've seen.  
9.i.c Replicate something you have in your mind's eye.






((Yes))






To simplify matters:


0
Some Fine Gristle
 A collection of stringy bits, tendons, and gristle, cut to specifications. 


Resource: Used for crafting, counts as $6 in materials. It is a very mundane sort of visceral.






%roll 1d2+1 (MR: Number)
"(MR: Number)" [1] + 1 = 2






%roll 1d2 (MR: Relevance, 2 = thematically related)
"(MR: Relevance, 2 = thematically related)" [1] = 1






%roll 1d2 (should've been 2d2)
"(should've been 2d2)" [1] = 1






%roll 2d125
[54] [89] = 143






%roll 2d3 (quality, 3 = higher tier)
"(quality, 3 = higher tier)" [2] [1] = 3






Interlude 9 


Read the Machine References for a hint on how to most efficiently use the Serious-Looking Machine: 


[Shears I clue] [Tumble I clue] 


The machine itself is very straightforward and serious. With various cogs, gears, and mechanisms, a rare item that can be found when some consumables are rolled for, more common on some Paths, one machine or machine related item (such as the Delay Llama) could be connected to another, so effort or activity on one front could reduce the time or costs of the serious machine... or vice versa. All of these would need to occupy the same space. With the garage as it is, you would be limited to four interconnected machines.






%roll 1d2 (MiT: Number)
"(MiT: Number)" [1] = 1






%roll 1d2 (Relevance)
"(Relevance)" [1] = 1






%roll 1d125 (type)
"(type)" [83] = 83






Interlude 9 


Read the Missives in Transit, looking for a hint on how to write BnB Field Notes while avoiding including dangerous information? 


[Door I clue]


The way to deflect negative karma and consequence would be to code it. A warning helps as well. If someone goes to the trouble of ignoring the warning and decoding it, they deserve their fate a little more.






((Between the two))






((what's the project?))






Interlude 9


[Horror I clue] 


The Wrong Foot is indeed a Horror item. You have a sense of how it could be used, now.  


0
Wrong Foot  
It looks like a Lost was supposed to manifest, but something went wrong. There’s only a semi-animate foot.  


Use: This is a resource, worth $.75 toward crafting value. If used as a component, it increases the total value by 10% (cumulative) if Realms functionality, Paths flavoring, and/or Horror flavoring in the craft (max 3x). It does not contribute to sparking magic in an item, but allows a roll. It can also be used on its own as a prosthetic.






Crafting - How it Works 


Crafting is the process of making something. You can, as seen in previous polls, replicate something you have, replicate something you've seen, or make something from scratch.  


When you make something, you get a certain number of attempts, determined by your knowledge. You have four Dexterity, so you get four attempts... 


OOOO


With each effort consisting of a die roll (adding Knowledge’s bonus), and an opportunity to add a resource. Your goal is to raise the total dollar value of the item and get as high a total set of die rolls as possible. If you don’t add a resource, you'll improvise using scrap or trash, and will roll a die to see what it contributes (or even deducts) dollar-wise. If you get a bad roll, you can decide to shelve the project, picking it up on another downtime.  


For a value 1 item, the goal is to contribute resources with a total value of $1 and die rolls adding up to 10. If you achieve both, you'll have an item value of 1, with a corresponding power level. 


If you happened to add resources with a total value of $1.50, and die rolls adding up to 12, you'll get a value of 2. 


This is the table:  
Value: 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11+
Cost $1 $1.50 $2.25 $6.75 $11.13 $22.25 $66.75 $155 $222 $6666 $13500
DC 10 12 15 17 20 22 25 27 30 35 40+


Tools and assets will help this process along quite a bit. Even low end magical resources provide the opportunity for an item to spark with power and become magical, though they might not provide bonuses. Higher-end magical resources provide the multipliers necessary to hit the high dollar amounts and guarantee that magical nature. Since many resources touch on multiple fields or possibilities, the end result draws on the pool of influences in the contributed resources to determine the end result.  


Clues may be spent to help this process along, if thematic. When spent, two to six out of six options will be provided to help the process along, including rerolls, improving a result, or shaping the outcome.






Crafting, first effort of four 


9.i.a Contribute a resource and roll?  
9.i.b Look in the scrap pile.  
9.i.c Shelve this project.






%roll 1d6+1
[1] + 1 = 2






$6
[value table - first three levels of cost achieved]






Crafting, second effort of four  


9.i.a Use a clue to try to figure things out (generate two possible options) 
9.i.bContribute a resource and roll?  
9.i.c Look in the scrap pile.  
9.i.d Shelve this project.






%roll 2d6
[1] [1] = 2






1 & 2


Your clue gives you the opportunity to...


9.i.a Reroll a piece of scrap (not applicable).
9.i.b Reroll your last crafting roll.






Do the latter?






%roll 1d6+1
[5] + 1 = 6






Crafting, second effort of four  


9.i.a Contribute a resource and roll?  
9.i.b Look in the scrap pile.  
9.i.c Shelve this project.






Interlude 9 


$6
[value table - first three levels of cost achieved]


Your efforts to incorporate the Kingsfall Herb come to nothing. The petals crumble into powder, and the stems don't suffice to hold anything together. It doesn’t take long for this to happen, and it doesn’t affect the final result, so it doesn’t count as an attempt, but the herb is wasted. 


The resources you'll need for this task will have to be those that are described as contributing some monetary amount, and will usually offer some functionality or influences from a field or category of practice (unless they’re mundane).






Crafting, second effort of four


9.i.a Contribute a resource and roll?  
9.i.b Look in the scrap pile.  
9.i.c Shelve this project.




%roll 1d3-2
[1] - 2 = -1






%roll 1d100
[44] = 44






%roll 1d31-16
[29] - 16 = 13






%roll 1d3
[1] = 1






$6
[value table - first three levels of cost achieved]


Digging through the scrap piles, you find something. It’s a bit rusted and gross, but the mechanical parts should help the end product do what you want it to do. 


0
Facile Rubbish  
A piece of trash that you can use for material. 


Resource: Subtracts $.66 from the value. Multiplies total value at the end by 1.13.






That’s sure some rubbish... 


9.i.a Use a clue to try to figure things out (generate two+ possible options)  


9.i.b Carry on  
9.i.c Shelve this project.






((I think it's fair to add the option of spending $.33 for an attempt, add $.33 value, 0 multiplier, no mods.))






%roll 1d6+1
[4] + 1 = 5






Interlude 9 


[value table - first three levels of cost achieved, first level of DC achieved]






Crafting, third effort of four  


9.i.a Contribute a resource and roll?  
9.i.b Use your knowledge of traps, add value of $.33, no multiplier or modifiers, and roll?  
9.i.c Look in the scrap pile. 
9.i.d Shelve this project.






Vote totals, will delete later:






%roll 1d6+1
[6] + 1 = 7






Interlude 9 


5.6.7*1.13
[value table - first three levels of cost achieved, first four levels of DC achieved]
[die]: 5+6+7 = 18






Crafting, fourth effort of four 


9.i.a Contribute a resource and roll?  
9.i.b Use your knowledge of traps, add value of $.33, no multiplier or modifiers, and roll?  
9.i.c Look in the scrap pile. 
9.i.d Shelve this project.






%roll 1d6+1
[3] + 1 = 4






((Spend a clue?))






((Only asking before finalizing))






%roll 2d6
[2] [2] = 4






Your clue gives you the opportunity to...


9.i.a Reroll your last crafting roll.  


9.i.b Add [Clue tier], 1 to your last roll.






Interlude 9


$6 * 1.13 = 6.78 
[value table - first four levels of cost achieved, first six levels of value achieved]
[die]: 5+6+7+4+1=23




4  
Unnamed Trap  
A bear-trap style series of scissoring jaws, with an emphasis on mangling, kills small game, is pre-baited with flesh that is hooked into the mechanism. 


Use: Can be left in a space, requires Wits to spot. Harder to spot if used in vicinity of bloodshed. Inflicts 1d3 damage, then, if less than 3 was rolled, makes up the difference with [deep wound] with attached [cripple] effect. If not used within 2 expeditions of the last, locks up; can be cleaned up and reset as part of a maintenance.






 What do you name it?
9.i.* ?






How do you spend your downtime?  


9.i.1.a Explore a location known to you.  
9.i.1.b Shopping to go see what's available in stores (or call the Gadsens to buy a book! from them) 
9.i.1.e Reading, reading a book to make some headway. You're best at reading Paths and Scrivening texts. 
9.i.1.f Surveil, stalking and watching a person, place, or thing, or spend a while observing and interacting with a thing. 
9.i.1.g Investigate, reading, making calls, and doing background research to tackle the mysteries and hand, for a safe but sure way to build up your knowledge about the puzzles before you. 
9.i.1.h Utilize Intelligence - This works differently now, and is more focused on making guesses and managing your growing collection of clues. 
9.i.1.i Research, with research not requiring a downtime slot, just this downtime. You'll want to name what you're researching. 
9.i.1.j Ritual, performing a ritual you know. 
9.i.1.k Craft, make something 
9.i.1.l Organize, reach out to your family unit or another group you're part of. Includes meeting with your current band of allies. 
9.i.1.m Do two different Half Actions to fill one downtime slot: 
> Basic First Aid - Heal a heart. 
> Light Relaxation - Heal a morale 
> Light Socialization - Spend time with someone, observations & maintenance on a relationship. Or go on a date. 
> Maintenance - Clean your home/workspace, check wards and do general upkeep. 
> Skim Read - Lightly peruse some material for a 1d3 reading roll. 
> Work - Earn some money (see your Assets page for how much) 






Utilize Intelligence - How it Works 


Utilize Intelligence is your go-to skill for managing your clues and general information, trying to connect the dots on what you have, or come up with new ideas. You still retain the ability to take information you've gleaned that you feel is worthy of a space on the clue grid, and translate that into open spaces, clues, and/or partial unlocking of a space. When you only partially unlock a space, you get a strike, of which you can get three total. Three strikes, and the utilize intelligence action wraps up for this downtime.


That much hasn't changed from before, but the die rolls are moved over to Investigate, with some other things added, which will be discussed later. What you do now have, under ‘Utilize Intelligence’, is the ability to manage your clues. You can do the following freely, any number of times: 


Upgrade
Turn 3 matching clues of tier 1-3 into one a single tier higher, same type.  


Downgrade
Turn one clue of tier 2-4 into two of a lower tier, same type.  


Shuffle
Turn a tier 2+ clue into one of a lower tier, random type.  


Focus
Turn five scattered clues of any type, same tier, into one clue of a type you have, of the same tier as the five.  


You may also choose to take one defensive action to counter others’ investigations into you. 


- Search a location for spies, augury 
- Question an ally about allegiances
- Check to see if you're being surveilled, hide movements. 
- Take steps to erase traces of your history  
- Obfuscate your details- little habits and identifying traits
- Move toa nother location you own while taking care to leave no trail.


OR you may take one of the four actions above with slightly increased efficiency (usually a chance of retaining one of the used clues). 


Defensive and enhanced actions are one time only and immediately end the Utilize Intelligence downtime action.






((Since you now have higher Knowledge, you get four attempts total))






Interlude 9


OOOO




What do you propose?
9.i.* ?






((Answering the question that just popped up: you have what you've earned since the game began.  You have a bed at the new house, but no reading desk.))






((Exclusive to red crystal, pretty sure I answered that in chat before.))






Interlude 9


[Dog I clue] Rudy does nof fit the Hound I clue. 


[Grave I clue] The Grave clue suffices for The Deceased.






[The Deceased clue grid: Grave clue fits, one clue type will be Ribbons or Wolf]






Interlude 9


Wolf doesn’t work either for deciphering the deceased. By process of elimination, it must be Ribbons. They indicate hazards, and she certainly got herself into trouble.






Robin  
The Deceased 


[clue grid - Grave and Ribbons]


Status x Details


Your first lead, after you narrow down some details and pass on word to Gadsen, is that a girl matching the description was harassing Finders on the Paths, with more activity in the timeframe just before you ran into her. She introduced herself to one finder’s familiar as Robin.






Poppy  
The Onrushing Storm  


[clue grid - Falling and Ribbons]


Movements x Capabilities


Poppy's parasol gives her unique facility in moving across the Paths, floating across gaps and over walls. By what you've read, heard, and researched, open space and sky in the Paths can foil non-Paths movement... but if she’s this good at maneuvering the Paths, she probably falls into the class of Paths movement abilities that let her easily move between Paths, meaning she can likely move off any edge of a Path she’s on to escape, or chase someone onto another Path without much pause.






[TBATB clue grid]


Conceits x Others


 Each Beast and Beauty has their own secret goal to achieve, with interests that don't necessarily align with those of the Hunters'.






[Pound clue grid]


Navigation x Secrets 


The Left Gate of the Pound usually requires a toll in the vicinity of 16 coins to unlock, but "Top Dogs are vain, and Top Dogs are watchful. If the coins are all of a theme, type or color this specific top dog likes, or are arranged in a certain way like the first letter of her name or breed, you could get a one-time pass and a bit of favor."






[Robin clue grid]


Status x Relationships 


Having earned the Wolf's ire, as a result of failing to adapt to the brutalities of existence as a Little Wolf, she had the opportunity to battle Sinclair Sinclair to steal their entire life as a ‘last chance’. She lost, and was bludgeoned to death on the Forest Ribbon Trail.






Interlude 9


XOOO


As you try to work this information into the bigger picture, it seems you're missing information: it may be a who, what, how, when, or why, when it comes to this. 


Partial - The Bed and the Breakfast was built by the Wolf, with his own hands and jaws. It uses material sourced from the Forest Ribbon Trail, like Wolfswood, and is likely to be made of a much more grisly material as well -- using the failed contestants to build up the Path. The Wolf's deep involvement with the Path's construction is undeniable.






((Going to discount two random spaces by a little, since naming a space may well give it away))






%roll 2d11
[2] [4] = 6






Interlude 9 


XXOO


There's a gap here - to round out your knowledge for this space, you should be able to answer the other half. Attacks with her open parasol that connect send her target flying... what do attacks with the closed parasol do? 


Partial - Poppy uses her umbrella as a weapon as well as a tool for mobility. The weapon has two modes -- open and closed. Attacks with her open parasol that connect send her target flying, a tactic she uses to toss a Finder into Paths hazards.  


Capabilities x Patterns has been made cheaper.






[TBATB clue grid]


Navigation x Secrets 


There is an alternate version of the Path, separate from the usual entry method to the Bed and the Breakfast. The appearance of this instance differs, being darker and "nightmarish", and is covered in imagery of the Wolf. Those who enter this instance appear as red-tinted to the other residents.






[TBATB clue grid]


Connectivity x Secrets


Hunters who walk through the main exit merge with two Lost they bring with them, gaining skills, personality traits, histories, connections an flaws. The Hunter may also be shaken depending on their compatibility with these Others, becoming more psychologically fragile the more dissonance there is. Hunters cannot take the same Beauty or Beast twice consecutively.






[TBATB clue grid]


Connectivity x Others


People become added to the ‘guest list' of The Bed and the Breakfast by learning too much about it. Once added, they will find their way to the Path eventually, whether drawn in against their will or not.






[Pound clue grid]


Hazards x Controls 


Fixed challenges in the arena are informed by the Top Dog's proclivities, but shift from round to round, keeping one factor in common with the previous round while another changes.






%roll 1d4
[4] = 4






%roll 1d7
[4] = 4






Interlude 9


XXXO


This is not enough to warrant uncovering anything in your investigation: 


Partial - An Other named Jacques, a major figure seen elsewhere across the Paths, is involved in the Bed and the Breakfast. 


A node was randomly chosen to be made cheaper: Hazards x Others






-# Dogfight Hat fossicked.
-# Dogfight Gloves fossicked.






%roll 1d2
[1] = 1






%roll 1d3
[1] = 1






Interlude 9


XXXO  


Use of the Little Wolf's knife stirs dark thoughts of your time with the Wolf. 


Health: UUUUXXXX
Morale: ++++XXX  


You make no headway with the actual fossicking around the Forest Ribbon Trail. The item goes on cooldown.






-# Swordpoint Axe fossicked




-# Ribbon Glass fossicked:






((I already started...))






[TBATB clue grid]


Hazards x Secrets 


The way it brings all participants together and the shape of the overall process suggests that lives are on the line, and if it’s not in the house, it must be outside of it. Tying that into what Ava said, it’s fairly clear, once you've picked your Beauty and your Beast, you, or someone else, has to buy access back into the house with murder. If one of the people who've picked their Beauty and their Beast kills another, out in the city, then all get passage back inside, to make different picks. The one who does the murder will certainly get some advantage over the ones who don't.






Conceits x Secrets 


Time is strange when it comes to the Bed and the Breakfast. There’s a countdown at hand, but the Paths have an innate fairness to them. It stands to reason, from the most similar mentions of such shenanigans in things you've read or heard from the Lost in your company, that time is being adjusted to put everyone on the same effective timescale, with every participant experiencing especially blurry definitions of time. When the countdown ends, it's likely the Path will reset much as the Pound does, taking all associated Lost with it, with all that implies. The Path will likely let you know as time runs out.






Secrets Cleared 


“The Wolf doesn’t make clean cuts,” Clover remarks, after you wrap up a conversation with Gadsen, where you were pretending to sound him out about the Forest Ribbon Trail, but were instead fishing for details about the Bed and the Breakfast. You ask for clarification, and she tells you how there are Others who'd leave you reeling, but with one specific problem that swells, instead of a ragged wound in your soul that becomes a hundred different problems. If the Wolf has a hand in all of this, it’s likely that each person present isn’t one piece of a Beauty-Hunter-Beast triumvirate... there’s probably scraps and pieces of each of you everywhere. They might appear as books, small items, or oddments.  


You can now search a space for these things on The Bed and the Breakfast, but if you’re seen searching, others may clue in.






Connectivity x Controls  


The process here is split into three parts. Those new to the path are free to explore it thoroughly, introduce themselves to others, and determine who might be a Beauty and who might be a Beast. Then, once one is sure they've found their match, they make leave the Path with two of the Lost. Thrice, they must return and leave with the same set of companions. Once they do, they may have their party, sealing the bond, and they leave the Bed and the Breakfast and its participants well behind them.






Connectivity Cleared 


As you're working out The Bed and The Breakfast and how it’s laid out, you're getting the impression it’s an incidental thing, not the point of it all. You're missing a key piece of information to draw out how that might be important or useful. If you go back again, you can put something together here.






Conceits Cleared


You're getting a sense of how it’s all laid out, and the rhythm of it, so that each new turn or discovery isn’t as much a surprise. You can add a +1 to a die roll within the Path, once per expedition there, for every two rows/columns cleared.






Conceits x Controls


The arguable safest way to leave the house is by the door at the end, which requires one to have two individuals with them to push it open. Other routes, if one is in a hurry, are more hazardous, as the Wolf prowls the grounds, and one must escape said grounds. At irregular intervals, celebratory parties are thrown, after which point everyone who does not choose to go to their room or leave through the door is sent home, a little worse for wear. How one leaves and returns (or attempts not to return) is a controlling mechanism for one’s journey through and relationship with this Path.






[You clue grid]


History x Capabilities 


 As part of your induction into The Bed and the Breakfast, you were given a 3 special capability, the ability to enter the nightmare version of the Path by chance, each time you venture out on an expedition, once you reach a requisite number of Banes... with more capability in that space as you get more Banes. You also acquired a significant passive protection.  




History x Relationships 


There are three ways one can come into the practice, and yours was a patron, a teacher, even though you didn’t realize how much your old friend was teaching you, back then. Patrons traditionally give you their aid- impossible in this case, a gift to set you on your way, more general teachings in your field (Paths in this case), contacts, or access to special locations normally reserved for Others and those they trust. As your background changes or becomes viewable by other angles, you can potentially find more of those things. Thus far, you've found one.  




History x Details 


Your ‘history’ as Sinclair Sinclair started around the time you entered the Forest Ribbon Trail. But for your old friend, a necessary prerequisite to explain how you knew about the Trail, everything of that time before is a void, to be filled by those you pick from The Bed and the Breakfast. There's a logic at play here, one that may help you unravel what's going on - or what happened, and potentially get rid of your open soul-wounds or other burdens... but following this thread may require figuring out what's really at play in those Paths, or it may require interactions with the Wolf. You'll have to get deeper in before you can get free.  




History Cleared


There are gaps in your memory, some recent. These gaps are protecting you. Making a kind of peace with this makes room. +1 Mastery slot.






[Old Friend clue grid]




History x Secrets 


Before he met you, he tried to become something that wasn’t Lost, to be able to survive among humanity, and ultimately failed. His efforts in this direction led to him learning the things about Bugges and more, that he incorporated into what he taught you.






History Cleared


You know his story now. He was put together with his friends for a heist and they ended up sticking together. Then, after getting into debt, he took on a job to try to clear his slate, gathering his group together. It didn’t go well, and he took the fall, semi-literally, dropping off the Paths and onto Earth. There, he struggled to find a foothold and sustenance, and failed. He didn’t want to send you to his friends for help, but to apologize.  


You have a checklist:  


- Boon/Combat Play 
- The Gift 
- A Lesson 
- A Hangout  
- A More Dangerous Path 
- A Memento  
- A Slice of the Pie  


You may put all of the above that you have on a 1+[current checks] Path cooldown (currently 2) to clarify your search for one of the above you have not yet obtained.






((Removed))






Interlude 9


XXXO


You tap into the boon and do a more abstract Fossicking to dig for details on your old friend. There's reason to believe he left you a gift, and you have dim memories... 


He left you something, but the current you won't be able to remember or find it. You'll specifically need a more materialistic Beast, and contact with home... possibly a visit, unless you can coax a sibling into picking it up and delivering it.






[FRT clue grid]


Navigation x Others


If the right conditions are met (or not met), or the Path is disrupted significantly, the Wolf may begin to roam. To prevent the Path Runner from reaching the exit before the roaming Wolf can get back there, the Path will become entangled. It is functionally impossible at such a point to make a timely return to stand before the Wolf.






[MO clue grid]




Conceits x Curiosities 


There are three significant boons available on the Marching Orders, each requiring a different setup. The strength of the boons depend on how you do against the respective bosses - defeat isn’t necessarily possible, but a significant showing will improve the boon.






((Forest Ribbon Trail))




[FRT clue grid]


Others Cleared


The veins of the Forest Ribbon Trail extend into the Paths. Certain Lost have a certain link that ties back to the trail. Find and kill a Cat Lost and bring its head on a return trip to the Trail to have the ability to bind and ally with the Lost that dwell there, once. Take a Lost Woodsman’s axe for a weapon with a linked boon of protection. He won't give it readily, for without it, he'll cease to be a Woodsman. A slain Lost that is clockwork, clock, or ruled by time should drop something, with a function only revealed on a return to the Trail. If there are other functions, they must be riddled out.




Conceits x Curiosities


The Forest Ribbon Trail doesn’t have conventional boons, aside from what the Wolf provides, and instead provides other rewards for the repeat visitor. Outside of its core selection of thematic items, it has rare items that look out to or that draw from the Paths as a whole.






[FRT clue grid: bottom right deeper space unlocked, one out of five boxes checked]






((Yes.  You may lose it if you lose UC, though.))






[Dus Diaspora clue grid: Overwrite and Adversary]






Interlude 9


You're in the final phases of wrapping up your notes when you call Gadsen to confirm a few minor details about the Trail.  


“I heard from a man named Chester Garrick,” Gadsen remarks. “He thought he left you on reasonably good terms, he said he tried to do right by you when he could’ve escape roped out and left you to the Little Wolf, but his young relative thinks you looked upset. This is me asking for your side, so we can smooth things over.”






What do you say? 
9.i.*?






Interlude 9


"I wouldn't have said good terms. We had a disagreement which I thought would be dangerous to press under the circumstances, we stumbled through a dangerous Path together and he left when it got bad. Not that I was blameless, but it didn't make for the best first impression." 


“I don’t believe he even thinks you had a disagreement, and he wondered why you could have been upset. You don’t seem to want to say, so I suppose we'll have to leave it at that. Oh well. I might suggest that Chester is a bit brusque, but he cares about his family and he’s been trustworthy, as far as I've seen. We may disagree about finer points of how to approach the Paths, but I don’t think he’d do you harm on purpose. I thought I'd address that, before it slipped my mind. Was there anything else? I have a digression to go on.” 


Ask separately if he knows any victims of Little Wolf activities that we can talk to, explaining that we have an interest in researching LWs and that firsthand accounts will help with our investigation? And if not, let others know we're looking for the info? 


“I don’t know of anyone specific, and we've already discussed some of the minor details as you've done research. I can keep my ear to the ground, but be careful. There might be a few Little Wolves who dress themselves up as ordinary practitioners, listen to the same channels, and they might take an interest in you as you research them.” 


“Alright, my digression, then. The reason I was talking to him is that we’re expanding the books we have available. He mentioned one to you. Let me outline a few others...”










TEXT


Getting Lost: Talking Kit


☐ HAVE


One of a book series where practitioners of different stripes meet, talk shop in a particular domain, and share experiences. Each writes a . . segment between the lengthier interview or illustrated portions, Sralleng mit usually in the form of tips, tricks, and warnings. This text focuses on the management of one’s backpack, things they bring and how they pack an efficient kit. Features watercolor illustrations of outfits and breakdowns of the bags and pocket contents. 


TABLE OF CONTENTS 


☐ ☐ ☐ ☐ ☐ Gain a random tier 1 Paths clue, and add an item to your shopping options that’s useful for Paths. 


☐ ☐ ☐ ☐ ☐ Gain one of the three backgrounds noted at the end of this T.o.C., random 


☐ ☐ ☐ ☐ ☐ Gain a random tier 1 Paths clue, and add an item to your shopping options that’s useful for Paths. 


☐ ☐ ☐ ☐ ☐ Gain one of the three backgrounds noted at the end of this T.o.C., random 


☐ ☐ ☐ ☐ ☐ Gain a random tier 1 Paths clue, and add an item to your shopping options that’s useful for Paths. 


☐ ☐ ☐ ☐ ☐ Gain the last of the backgrounds noted at the end of this T.0.C.. 


Background: Packing Prioritization - You gain +1 backpack slot. 
Background: Tin Jackpot - Coins and cards take up one bag slot. 
Background: - Keychain - You gain +1 trinket slot.






TEXT 


Flush with Cards


☐ HAVE


A complement to A Command of Coin, by the Garricks, writing under the same banner with similar format. Details the cards found on the Paths.


TABLE OF CONTENTS


☐ ☐ ☐ ☐ ☐ Learn three different card types. 


☐ ☐ ☐ ☐ ☐ Gain a [Card I] and a [Luck I] clue. 


☐ ☐ ☐ ☐ ☐ Learn four new card types. 


☐ ☐ ☐ ☐ ☐ Gain a [Card II] and a [Luck II] clue. 


☐ ☐ ☐ ☐ ☐ Learn five new card types


☐ ☐ ☐ ☐ ☐ Learn about the various hand types. Gain choice of [Card III] and [Luck II] 


☐ ☐ ☐ ☐ ☐ Learn the remainder of the card types.






TEXT 


The Hooks that Catch


☐ HAVE 


Analysis of the different forms of Lost, through the lens of itinerant (free) Lost and those locked or partially locked to a Path, and the cornerstone Lost that found or are key to a Path, and how these relationships and natures intersect with binding Lost in general. 


TABLE OF CONTENTS 


☐ ☐ ☐ ☐ ☐ Gain a random Securities clue and Paths clue, both tier 1. 


☐ ☐ ☐ ☐ ☐ Gain a random Securities clue or Paths clue, both tier 2. 


☐ ☐ ☐ ☐ ☐ New Practice: [Lost] Security: Learn a Least-tier Securities practice you don’t know yet; it has the appellation ‘Lost’ and is Lost specific. Once you use it five times on Lost you ultimately bind, it loses the appellation and specificity. 


☐ ☐ ☐ ☐ ☐ Gain a random Securities clue and Paths clue, both tier 2. 


☐ ☐ ☐ ☐ ☐ Background: The first step of the binding process is improved, often accelerated 2x.






TEXT


Path Time


☐ HAVE


Entry and exit from the paths can have an interesting interplay with one’s time and schedule in the real world. Events may hold back or catch up, and for a regular Path runner, time itself may blur. The writers of this text work out ways to measure differences and what it may mean for the ‘gravity’ of a path or its location. 


TABLE OF CONTENTS 


☐ ☐ ☐ ☐ ☐ Gain 1 of [Mundane, Incarnation, random Paths] clues, 2 of another. Tier 1. 


☐ ☐ ☐ ☐ ☐ Gain 1 of [Mundane, Incarnation, random Paths] clues, 2 of a different one of the three, and three of a third. Clues are tier 1-2 


☐ ☐ ☐ ☐ ☐ Recipe - Chronometers - A recipe for making a tool that, if used across multiple Path visits, can help discount investigation nodes. 


☐ ☐ ☐ ☐ ☐ Gain 1d3 of [Mundane, Incarnation, Random Paths] clues, 2d3 of a different one of the three, and 3d3 of a third. Clues are tier 1. 


☐ ☐ ☐ ☐ ☐ Gain Background: Path Time - Every 5-10 Paths, gain a free Downtime. A Chronometer trigger also serves to speed up the clock by 1.






TEXT


The Beaten Paths


☐ HAVE


Writings from a certain school of thought that believes that the Paths have a finite number of Lost, recurring, and a concerted effort of binding and killing Lost can reduce the number of Lost-based hazards, even removing them as an issue, altogether. 


TABLE OF CONTENTS 


☐ ☐ ☐ ☐ ☐ Gain up to twelve paths clues, tier 1-2, based on Lost killed in recent memory, or in subsequent expedition. 


☐ ☐ ☐ ☐ ☐ Gain Background: Beaten Path I - when there are no Lost remaining on a Path you're on, if it was previously occupied, obtain a cryptic hint for one of its non-Other challenges. 


☐ ☐ ☐ ☐ ☐ Gain up to seven paths clues, tier 1-3, based on Lost killed in recent memory, or in subsequent expedition. 


☐ ☐ ☐ ☐ ☐ Gain Background: Beaten Path Il - clearing a Path grants a cryptic hint and a chance to reduce the severity of hazards for the next three Paths.






TEXT


Varied Published Egalitarian Theorems Vis-a-Vis Applied Antiestablishmentarianism 


☐ HAVE


Taking what was once high theory and grounding it in researched assessment of the Paths as a Realm and set of practices that specifically reject establishment. 


TABLE OF CONTENTS 


☐ ☐ ☐ ☐ ☐ Gain 1 Paths clue you don’t have. 


☐ ☐ ☐ ☐ ☐ This is Really Dull - Reading rolls for this text are penalized by -1. 


☐ ☐ ☐ ☐ ☐ Gain 3 Paths clues you don’t have. 


☐ ☐ ☐ ☐ ☐ This is Really, Really Dull - Reading rolls for this text are penalized by a further -1. 


☐ ☐ ☐ ☐ ☐ Gain 7 Paths clues you don’t have. 


☐ ☐ ☐ ☐ ☐ This is Interminally Dull - Reading rolls for this text are penalized by a further -1.


☐ ☐ ☐ ☐ ☐ Gain Background: Applied Antiestablishmentarianism - Your Paths Practices that target an enemy, practice, or area have additional counterspell or overriding functionality.






TEXT


Dreamer Traditionalism 


☐ HAVE


Discusses Dreamer Traditionalist approaches to Paths, which focused more on spirit, the connection to the collective human unconscious, and dreams specifically, emphasizing immateriality. 


TABLE OF CONTENTS 


☐ ☐ ☐ ☐ ☐ Gain a random Immaterial clue, tier 3 


☐ ☐ ☐ ☐ ☐ Gain a random Immaterial clue and a random Paths clue, tier 3 


☐ ☐ ☐ ☐ ☐ New Practice: Figments - A practice to create illusions with minor curse effects. More effective on drowsy foes. 


☐ ☐ ☐ ☐ ☐ Gain a random Immaterial clue or a random Paths clue, tier 4 


☐ ☐ ☐ ☐ ☐ New Practice: A Falling Dream - A practice to enter the astral realm, usable if safe and at rest. Primarily used for scouting. Opens the door to travel from Path to Collective Unconscious and vice-versa, serving as an escape route from a bad Path, though hazardous in its own way, with less access to items and equipment.






%roll 1d3
[3] = 3






%roll 1d5
[2] = 2






%roll 1d5
[5] = 5






%roll 1d3+1
[3] + 1 = 4






Interlude 9


“Maybe one of those helps you with the situation you’re trying to deal with.” 


Evert has to go, so he leaves you with that, clarifying the spelling of the book about disestablishmentarianism and then hanging up. 


You've had a chance to take a break. 


Health: UUUUUUUXX
Morale: +++++++  


You've moved out of the boarding house - you simply don’t have the funds to pay rent and the basic house upkeep to keep power and water on, and no longer have access to the reading desk. The radio has been your companion whenever you're in one place for long enough... 


The radio tells you that there’s an event run by the church - not Scott Aldrich’s church. There will be burgers and hot dogs, beer, soda, and some kids will sing on a stage. It’s mostly an excuse to get people outside and together. You might have caught wind of it otherwise (might not - the project of the house looks like one that might take up a fair amount of your attention), but now you can make plans and it’s something you can do for free if you explore next downtime. You could even invite someone.  


[Divine I clue]






%roll 1d3
[1] = 1






%roll 1d3
[3] = 3






%roll 1d3
[1] = 1






Interlude 9


You do some cleaning up in the master bedroom, as a matter of course, as you clear space to sleep and carry stuff up and downstairs with you as you go:  


It seems there was some alcohol placed in the bedside table Linda was using... 




1  
Bottle of Red  
You don't really know your wine, but it doesnt strike you as the cheapest brand, nor the most expensive. 


Consumable: Per draught, has 50% to give a stack of Tipsy, which degrades to a hangover. Three draughts. Serves as a fine, socially acceptable gift.


There's enough intact fabric you could use it for a project.




1  
Fabric and Swatches 
A variety of lengths of fabric for any tailoring job. Whatever isnt useful for the exterior could be used as lining.  


Resource: Worth $3-4 toward a job that has cloth as a big part of the work, and a multiplier of 1.15x. Reasonably attractive, very feminine.




In the course of moving a fallen shelf from a collapsed part of the closet, you see a partial hand sticking out of the floorboards, fingers twitching. It leaks away, fingers slipping through, and drifts away into a space that isn't your home. 


It seemed forlorn or melancholy.


[Gap I clue]




And something that's possibly useful?


0
Rusty Screwdriver
A rusty screwdriver. It looks like it belongs to a set.  


Tool: Can be used when submitting a metal or wood resource for crafting to round up the result to the next even number (before rolls) or tapped to try to dismantle something metal into resources (66% chance) or bypass a roadblock (33%). Breaks on a rolled 0-5%. Can be used while tapped, but breaks after.  




You're nearly halfway through one pile.






Final actions before preparing to leave for a Path?
9.i.* ?






Where are you putting your...
Pots of herbs? Radio? Marble Candle (when not brought with?) Music Player? Sum of Pathos painting? Corkboard? Steep Chair?






Yes, fossicking clears the inventory space. I think I'll just houserule that all trinkets have a 50% chance of being consumed if tapped. You can bring the marble candle and use it as a power source but it's not going to work as an asset the downtime after. Red crystal is more meant for immediate things.  If you had something drawn and prepared, you could do it during/after a fight as the final step. Let's just say elementary runes are not craftables.






Where are you putting your...
- Pots of herbs? 
- Radio? 
- Marble Candle (when not brought with?) 
- Music Player? 
- Sum of Pathos painting? 
- Corkboard? 
- Steep Chair?






Yes, fossicking clears the inventory space. 


I think I'll just houserule that all trinkets have a 50% chance of being consumed if tapped. 


You can bring the marble candle and use it as a power source but it's not going to work as an asset the downtime after.


Red crystal is more meant for immediate things.  If you had something drawn and prepared, you could do it during/after a fight as the final step. 


Let's just say elementary runes are not craftables.






((Then it's reusable.))






((I rolled a 1d3+1 above))






Interlude 9 


You sort out your belongings and wrap things up. One final night’s sleep... or what's meant to be. Joanna wasn’t misleading you. You have bad nightmares, and wake up flinching at loud noises and mild surprises. That eases, for the most part, but the issue is that your flinches are with a closed fist, and leave you wanting to swing out at the source of the stress. 




BLOODY CONDITION 
Minor  


There's a frustrated bloodthirst-that now lingers in your psyche, a part of you that remembers the Wolf's embrace and that moment of panic where you felt the need to commit violence to answer the threat against you, but that moment is now frozen in time. When you would lose any morale, a long (end of Path/DT), moderate (2h6 supply, 2, DT blocks), or short (1d6 supply, 1 DT block) clock determined randomly & hidden from you. If you do not do violence in thetime window, lose 3, 2, or 1 morale.  




Surgeon related work counts as doing violence, for the purposes of Bloody Condition, but Bloody Condition may also trigger from unsatisfactory work.






Adjust Masteries any further?
9.i.* ?






((You need it prepared but the implication in the 'binding' case is 'forcibly bound'))






[masteries tree, to-do]






[MARCHING ORDERS, 2ND VISIT]






Chapter 10 - The Marching Orders, 2nd Visit  


You pass through the portal you've drawn up, and you plunge through cloud and darkness, before landing at the base of a Path that is hard to recognize as the Marching Orders. It's a sprawling, complex chessboard, but hacked up, tiled sections raised up, other things hashed together. The buildings that stick up over the tops of the walls are chess pieces, hollowed out or retrofitted to other purposes. 


By the gate, you see the familiar set of missing bricks, with the bricks themselves lying on the ground. It takes a minute to gather them all. 


[bricks]


“I think...” Posie says, as she looks things over. “I could help flip one of these around. but I'm not sure you'd want to.”






What order? Left to right?
9.i.* ?






Chapter 10 - The Marching Orders, 2nd Visit


Ask Posie why we wouldn't want a brick to be flipped around. We're interested in what will happen.  


“I’m not sure. I've never been here. But it feels off. The same way it feels off if you move something that isn’t supposed to move, for a puzzle.”  


“Humans don’t have that,” Penny says. 


Posie sighs heavily. “Whales-?” 


“Not that either. Whales are neat, though,” Penny cuts her off, shrugging. 


“It's chess. Surely-”  


“They don’t get that, any more than you got weather. We had to explain weather, and how one weather leads to another, but it doesn’t mean anything.” 


“Unless it ruins your crops,” Clover adds. “Which are another thing you didn’t get. Like Sinclair doesn’t get why chess has a feel to it.” 


Posie sighs more heavily, angling her mirror to look up at you with an arched eyebrow. 


“But a different sort of feel than it feels off to slide a brick in funny if it’s going to make things sit funny.”  


“I don't know why I brought it up,” Posie says. “Except Sinclair does queer things with practice and I don’t know everything they do, and you said to say obvious things out loud a lot.” 


“That was good,” Clover said. Then, over top of Posie sighing more heavily than either of the prior two times, she says, “You're being very patient.” 


“It could be useful,” Penny says, looking over the bricks. “But it’s not very likely.”






Chapter 10 - The Marching Orders, 2nd Visit  


Fossick the Brick on the middle brick in the middle row? 


Chunks break off some of the corners.  


[barbed-wire-looking brick]






%roll 1d9
[6] = 6






Chapter 10 - The Marching Orders, 2nd Visit  


The gates open, and the Path opens up before you. A modest parade greets you - all the students in rows, wearing matching uniforms, parading on either side of younger students wearing chess piece outfits - but only a dozen or so students and six or so chess pieces. The nearby cafe wants to pass treats to the parade goers, but the adults conducting the students do a solid job of keeping them from discreetly passing anything over. 


You move to the side as they begin to filter through the gate. 


It looks like the cafe is open.






What will you d0?  


10.a Move forward, enter the cafe.  
10.b Move forward, but don’t enter the cafe.  
10.z Remain where you are. 
10.* Something else.






((You aren't, no))






((How much power do you want to invest into the runes?))




%roll 1d3 (health lost)
"(health lost)" [3] = 3




%roll 3l34
(21) [18] (24) = 18




%roll 3l34
(26) (18) [11] = 11




%roll 6d206
[170] [184] [40] [122] [138] [187] = 841






Chapter 10 - The Marching Orders, 2nd Visit  


You pause for a moment to draw up some diagram work on papers. These are preliminary outlines. With work, research, or combat experience, you can probably do better.  


You can activate one in combat when you could make a card play. They are spent on use. Unless stated otherwise (these do not state otherwise), they do not take up space in your row of combat plays. 


In the future, you can choose to put either element (Tidal or Rock) together with either shape (Slap or Spiral) in lieu of getting something random.






Chapter 10 - The Marching Orders, 2nd Visit  


You pause for a moment to draw up some diagram work on papers. These are preliminary outlines. With work, research, or combat experience, you can probably do better.  




TIDAL SLAP
[hits LL]


Free play. For each pip of damage dealt, foe loses one pip from next two card plays. If they cannot muster up any residual pips, they are pushed out of combat. Serves as basis for later melee-range offenses.




ROCK SPIRAL


Free play. Creates a ring of spirited rocks that release one rock at a time, placing a row of random attacks for three attacks. If any hit, opposing plays lose any shields. Serves as a basis for later offensive summonings.




You can activate one in combat when you could make a card play. They are spent on use. Unless stated otherwise (these do not state otherwise), they do not take up space in your row of combat plays. 


In the future, you can choose to put either element (Tidal or Rock) together with either shape (Slap or Spiral) in lieu of getting something random.






%roll 1d4
[4] = 4




%roll 1d4
[4] = 4






Chapter 10 - The Marching Orders, 2nd Visit  


Your attempt to attribute [Memory] to the tile at the outset of the Path sputters and fails. It seems the puzzle, at this stage, counts as being solved and complete- the Path has been laid out, and structural changes would be strange. 


You're able to recapture enough of the energy and essence - the Petitioner’s Prize you used for the attribution will recharge in a little while.


2 - Cooldown, 4 nodes
[Petitioner's Prize]






Chapter 10 - The Marching Orders, Red Cafe  


“Ah, our customers return,” the staff member says- she’s taking the opportunity to stack half the tables in the restaurant and clean. “You non-Lost look so similar, but it helps you’re in the company of such fine boon companions.” 


“And finer non-boon companions,” Posie murmurs, mostly to herself, head turning aside. She fixes her hair a bit as she looks in the mirror. 


“Have a seat. We're not doing well, business-wise, as you can see. The parade hasn't brought many people to our doors.” She leads you to a table with a view of the parade outside the window. She gives the four of you menus, glasses, a pitcher of water with frozen berries and fruit of unknown provenance trapped within it, in lieu of ice cubes, and then lays a flag down the center of the table. “We can only provide you one menu item.”






Red Spades Cafe


Crashed Potatoes - 10♢
Two varieties of potato crashed into one another with enough force, oil, heat, and separation involved that some have become chips, the rest mashed.


Black Diamond Tea - 11♢
Our rival cafe’s specialty tea, fallen off the back of a truck.


Drop in the Bucket - 13♢
For those without an appetite, or a naturally empty stomach. A very large bucket with a small amount of soup. High walls of the bucket traps the scents within, a treat unto themselves.


Heart Crossed Buns - 12♢
Heart shaped buns, cross-cut to be pulled into four pieces, herb-stuffed.


Meat Loaf - 10♢
Comes on a spectrum from whole wheat to rare.


Rising Dough - 13♢
Baked goods with a levity to them. Puts some spring in one’s step.


Small Flavors - 12♢
Food served on very small plates. Primarily for Lost of an unusual size. Rewards those gifted with a delicate palate.


Steamed Leeks - 11♢
Leeks prepared in our steamer, to ideal consistency.


Stuffed Peppers - 12♢
A favorite of some of our more animal clients and dolled up ladies.






((The one item is free.  You could buy something else if you had coin))






What will you order? 


10.a Crashed Potatoes  
10.b Black Diamond Tea  
10.c Drop in the Bucket  
10.d Heart Crossed Buns 
10.e Meat Loaf  
10.f Rising Dough 
10.g Steamed Leeks  
10.h Stuffed Peppers  
10.* Say or ask something.






Chapter 10 - The Marching Orders, Red Cafe


You wait for your order.  


Check in on the girls, and ask how they're doing. Ask them what they've been up to lately, how they feel about the move, and if anything's been on their minds. 


“I'm fine with the move, I'm a rabbit, I could sleep in a haystack or dead log,” Clover tells you. 


“And I'm uncomfortable everywhere, because I’m a literal fish out of water, and I'm awkward, too,” Penny adds. 


“I could give you a list,” Posie tells you. “We need to clean up, I'd like new clothes. They definitely need new clothes, I'd like jewelry, and some basic makeup, and mirror poli-” 


“Posie, be polite,” Clover tells the Lost girl. 


“It's been harder to play with other children lately, and it's not because the weather is colder,” Penny tells you. 


“You can play without going swimming,” Clover adds. “But yeah. Parents are keeping the kids closer to home, and watching out more, since Flanagan attacked. They ask questions about where we live and get concerned if Penny and I are around. So it's mostly us and now Posie.” 


Your meal is served. 




1
Rising Dough 
An assortment of baked goods with some levity to them, tied with a ribbon so it doesn’t float away. Puts some spring in one's step.  


Consumable: Your next few movements on this Path have a chance of not spending Supply. 2+ on a d6 for the next, then a 3+, and so on, until spent. Use of navigation items grant that same chance to not be spent/tapped. 50% chance to expire when you leave the Path.






Do you portion out the food?  


10.a Eat now, portioning it out four ways. The effect will be reduced.
10.b Eat now, but someone won't eat. The effect will be reduced. 
10.c Eat now, alone. 
10.d Save for later & step outside.






%roll 1d2
[1] = 1






((You can stay but it'll cost supply))






Chapter 10 - The Marching Orders, Red Cafe 


You eat the rising dough. Your step feels light, and movement floaty. The hair and clothes of the girls lifts up a bit, as if they were underwater. 


“Pack the Steak Medallions before Slim Pickings,” the staff member says, to someone behind the counter. “Then you can make the trip, be careful along the way.” 


It looks like the staff want to clean the area around your table, and you have the rest of the Path to see, with the trace effects of the food to use before they wear off, so you move on.






-# Added letters
-# Equalized health/supply






Where to?  


10.a Move on to an organized gathering of Lost  
10.x Remain where you are.  
10.z Go back to the entrance.  
10.* Say something (will take supply)






Chapter 10 - The Marching Orders, Red Cafe  


Outside, you venture down the road, stuck to one side because of the parade, and approach the Intersections. There's a bit of a crowd just before it. 


As you approach that crowd, you see a group of thieves, running out of the Intersections with some clearly stolen goods. The group of Lost in uniform are in place to intercept them, and block the bulk of the group. More run your way. The narrowness of the sidewalk and the parade (meager as it is) blocking some passage across the street, means you're poised to stop them. If you want to. 




Stop the Lost? It means getting into a fight.  


10.3 Try to intercept all three of the ones who've made it this far..  
10.2 Try to intercept two of the ones who've made it this far.  
10.1 Try to intercept one.  
10.a Let them pass. They're dropping some things, so you could pick those up.






%roll 3d4
[3] [3] [1] = 7






[fight vs a vandal, bandit and thief]


[ i may stop transcribing these in full, i'm not sure there's even a point]


[some spaces read 'Hits taken here give a chance of dropping treasure. (Cards may still be played here)']




Space Text: 'Damage taken here gives a chance of dropping treasure'




((Your play first, one card))




[hand: Axe Coin, Hardwood, Expound, Fish Assist, Axe Coin, Fade Away, shield UD]






%roll 1d13
[1] = 1






[hand: Axe Coin, Hardwood, [hit U shield U] Fish Assist, Axe Coin, Fade Away, [shield UD]]






%roll 1d2
[1] = 1


%roll 1d4
[2] = 2




[combat]




[combat]




[unnamed glue card]


Inflict sticky on any foe. They must combo or skip the card prior to play a card. 50% to remove with skip / advantage.






Vault card text: Either move to a row of your choice in multi-person combat or move out of melee reach, you and one foe can't deliver melee strikes against one another for the rest of the round.  You take double damage from other foes.






((against other foes... for the rest of the round))






[hand: Vault, Hardwood, [hit U shield U], Fish Assist, [hit RL], Fade Away, [shield UD]]




VAULT


Vault card text: Either move to a row of your choice in multi-person combat... 


Or move out of melee reach, you and one foe can't deliver melee strikes against one another for the rest of the round.  You take double damage from other foes.






[combat]






Glue sticks you up.






%roll 1d4-2
[3] - 2 = 1






Dogwood Witch drafts 1.






You take 1.  Teak vest triggers, you get Regen 2.






Dogwood witch takes 2.
You deal 2.






((Sure))






You deal 1 and swap with Dogwood Witch.






Dogwood Witch deals no damage, as a result.






[combat: spaces in our lane where we have not yet played cards read 'Must combo with prior card or prior card must be a skip.]






((Coin target?))






((Choose whether to be stunned and try to clean it up, or lose morale.))






%roll 2d4
[1] [1] = 2






%roll 1d17
[5] = 5






%roll 1d4
[1] = 1






[combat]






[hand: Vault, Hardwood, [hit U shield U], Rabbit Assist, [hit D white-hit D shield R white-shield R (dus-boosted)], Fade Away, [shield UD]]






((You make one card play))






%roll 4d14
[12] [5] [3] [4] = 24






%roll 2d14
[6] [9] = 15






%roll 1d4
[1] = 1






[combat]




[unnamed poison card]


Mixes with other vandalism


Ranged, targeting Sinclair.


1d3 poison if not blocked by a nonstandard pip.






((It will not))






[combat]


SKIP


Evade everything. Miss your next 1d3 card plays.






((Every direction counts for combo, yes.))






[combat]






%roll 1d9
[1] = 1






[combat]






%roll 2d2 (Steal on 2)






"(Steal on 2)" [2] [1] = 3






[hand: Vault, Hardwood, [hit U shield U], Fade Away, [shield UD]


[combat]






Advantage:
You: 1-1
DW: 2-3
Bandit: 2-0
Thief: 1-0






You win the tie because you started the combat 


10.a Try to draw an attack. 
10.b Draw 1 and discard 2.  
10.c Use an item for free (or do something awkward that would take a play) 
10.d Try to remove glue (50%)






%roll 1d2 (1 = no, 2 = removal)
"(1 = no, 2 = removal)" [1] = 1






%roll 1d6 (covering supply stuff I should've done before, because equalization, you save supply on 6+)
"(covering supply stuff I should've done before, because equalization, you save supply on 6+)" [5] = 5






You had -1 HP.  Gained 2 from regen.
Gain 2 from March Flair
Equalization knocks off 1, restores 1 supply.






Health: UUUUUUUUX
Morale: ++++++X
Supply: OOOOOOOX






[combat]






%roll 3d9
[8] [1] [4] = 13






%roll 1d14
[12] = 12






%roll 2d13
[12] [1] = 13






%roll 1d4
[1] = 1






[combat]






[hand: Vault, Hardwood, [hit U shield U], [shield UD], Plant Feet [hits D shield UDD (dus boosted)], Wide Kick [hits DLL shield D (dus boosted)], Uppercut]






((You have two card plays))






[combat]




RUNNING KICK
Current: 4


 Declare at any time, any slot. Has 1 attack pip per slot since you were last hit. Plays between declaration and resolution, skips & movement plays count 2x.






%roll 1d3-2
[3] - 2 = 1






%roll 1d3-2
[3] - 2 = 1






%roll 2d4
[3] [4] = 7






Dog deals 1 to the thief.  1 dog is blocked.
Dogs move forward 1 each.
Thief mugs one dog for damage & steal.
Your wide kick has been Nyeh'ed.






[combat]




NYEH


Counter target card or unwind a card's results. You take double damage until end of combat.






[hand: Vault, Hardwood, [hit U shield U], [Plant Feet (dus-boosted)], Uppercut]






%roll 3d11
[11] [3] [8] = 22






[combat]




[unnamed oil card]
[star R]


Mixes with other vandalism


Ranged, targeting Sinclair.


Inflict oil & colorblind at range. Oil means foe can only make a card play if they skipped prior or avoided the pips of prior card. Color-blind gives 50% chance of attacking own allies.*






Card text: Inflict oil & colorblind at range.  Oil means foe can only make a card play if they skipped prior or avoided the pips of the prior card.  Colorblind gives 50% chance of attacking own allies.


AoE hits everyone relevant, regardless of whether it's enemy- or ally-specific.  Not on card because irrelevant.






%roll 1d4
[4] = 4






%roll 1d3
[2] = 2






[combat]






[hand: Vault, Hardwood, [hit U shield U], Axe Coin]






[combat]






Resolving left to right.






DWW uses her second card.  Draws and plays:
DOG


Goes to fetch food, papers, or bones, returns at end of round & gives free use and free attack.






The first instability triggers.






%roll 1d6-2 (Health gain/loss)
"(Health gain/loss)" [3] - 2 = 1






%roll 1d6-2 (draw/discard)
"(draw/discard)" [5] - 2 = 3






%roll 1d6-2 (Change to card pool)
"(Change to card pool)" [1] - 2 = -1






Colorless Oil is lobbed, and is unblocked.






Your uppercut hits twice for double damage.  How do you want to allocate it?






You deal 4.
The responding attack is blocked by Plant Feet.
Dogs Dogs Dogs activates, generating...






%roll 1d6-3
[4] - 3 = 1






...one dog






Plant Feet hits.  How do you allocate it?






((There's a chance, yes.))






Flying kick deals 0.






The second instability activates...






%roll 1d6-2 (Health)
"(Health)" [1] - 2 = -1






%roll 1d6-2 (Draw/discard)
"(Draw/discard)" [6] - 2 = 4






%roll 1d6-2 (Attributes)
"(Attributes)" [1] - 2 = -1






Your final attack.  Allocation?






Chapter 10 - The Marching Orders, Interception outside the Intersection


You're in the midst of dispatching the bandit, taking some satisfaction in punching his face after he ‘Nyeh’ed you, and shaking off the unease that comes with being unclean, when one of the Dogwood Witch's dogs barks. You turn your head in time to see the pieces that incorporate her pulling apart, and then, like someone made of multiple metal bands all bent and tensioned against one another, but with brush strokes, one ‘band’ comes away, and the rest of her springs apart, scattering witch accessories, odds, ends, a dog’s bone, and a collar around her.  


The bandit's gone, the vandal runs, and the thief has already been dispatched. You pick yourself up, a little worse for wear... 


Health: UUUUUUUXX
Morale: +++++XX


…and try to get your bearings. The crowd is murmuring, some shocked, with hands over their mouths. 


“I hope she’s alright,” Penny says. 


“How upset should we be?” Posie asks. “I've only met one other thing like her. I don’t know how they go about the whole business of dust, discorporeation, death, and all of that.” 


“I don't know,” Clover says. “But it seems like the sort of thing that always had a chance of happening, and exploding wouldn't be very sensible as a thing to do if it was the last thing you could do.” 


“She wasn’t very sensible though,” Penny notes. 


“True.”  


“If I'm a dingaling, she was a real ringalingadingdong.” 


“True.”  


“It might be good to not do anything like trying to resummon her,” Penny says. “Like how you're not supposed to move a small child that’s just jumped off the shortstone bridge and bent their neck funny on the shallows underneath.” 


“True,” Clover says, for a third time. All three are looking at you for some kind of response.






Your next move?  


10.* Say something?  
10.* Do something?  
10.c Collect what you can out of the mess and move on.






Chapter 10 - The Marching Orders, Interception outside the Intersection 


[Scrivening I clue]


Much of what you know is taught, not given to you in text or papers that you could reference and draw on, but you recall something about binding being a form of security. There’s a chance she’s worse off than she was before, but one advantage of the Man in the Middle binding is that it contains the damage, both in the sense of containing spillover from some kinds of Scrivening Other into the real world, and damage done to them by themselves, and their chaotic nature.  


Obviously, if you find any fragments, it would be good to pick them up.






Chapter 10 - The Marching Orders, Interception outside the Intersection


You unequip the food pouch and address the companions.  


"Sense or no sense, I think we can agree she's a good girl. She's roughed up, but she'll recover. I'll be giving her a long vacation."  


“It might be good to find a way to research this,” Penny says. “So we can prevent it from happening again.” 


“It's hard when we don't have books,” Clover says. 


“True, but... there are other ways to learn. We could open an investigation into the subject, like we were planning to do as we experimented with the new boots.” 


“We'd need to find a way to get more information about Others like her,” Clover muses. 


“The reason I asked-” Posie cuts in. “About how worried we should be, is I know death works in different ways for non-Lost. You two were giving advice on how to deal with humans and Earth, and you said to talk about the obvious. Does Sinclair know how death works for Lost?” 


“Some idea,” Clover says. “We... cycle back. We're shape and substance and the substance likes holding similar shapes, so even when we die... we carry on. Takes the bite out of it.” 


“One of Gadsen's books covered that,” Penny notes. “It might be better at explaining to humans than we could.” 


“It would be nice if there was one for Dogwood Witches,” Posie says. 


“Perhaps Sinclair should write one,” Clover says, with a shrug. 


The last of the residual healing from the teak clothing fades. 


Health: UUUUUUUUX
Morale: +++++XX






%roll 1d2 (Food pouch.  1=Food, 2=Extra)






"(Food pouch.  1=Food, 2=Extra)" [1] = 1






Chapter 10 - The Marching Orders, Interception outside the Intersection


You pick up your rewards - instead of spilled coins and oddments from beating the thieves up and making stuff shake from their pockets, or what the Dog In The Fight boon gives you, you seem to have found... 


1  
Spit Ball  
This spit of cooked meat, which is not on a skewer in a straight line, but a knotted one that forms a sphere shape, has long cooled. 


Consumable: If your morale is higher than or equal to your health, gain 1U. If your supply is higher than or equal to your morale, gain 1+. If your health is equal to or higher than your supply, gain 1#. If you don't gain, then lose, instead. If all are equal, gain added 1U+#.  




There's also the larger items from the bandit and thief you knocked out. As you go to sort that out, the uniforms who stopped the other thieves call out to you.  


“So,” one uniform says. “That one had decorations for the house. That one had clothing. That one had weapons. It looks like yours have... trinkets and rarer varieties of consumables, respectively. And the one who got away has books. We should split this up, so everyone who stopped them gets something. What are you interested in?”






What are you interested in? 


10.a Demand that you get the share for the bandits you stopped: trinkets and rarer varieties of consumables. You might get less, net, than if you split things up with the wider group.  
10.b Express interest in decorations (small assets)  
10.c Express interest in clothing 
10.d Express interest in weapons  
10.e Express interest in trinkets  
10.f Express interest in rarer consumables.






((Just the quantity of items from foraging))






“You can take two of these, then. I think Benjo the Kitten Molester wanted something to decorate his room with.” 


“Yeah. I don’t care what,” Benjo, one of the young Lost in uniform speaks up. He sees your reaction to his name, and waves you off. “My parents weren’t happy with what they got when I was born, so they gave me a crummy name. Happens.” 




1  
Single Files  
A collection of file folders embossed with iconography from the Marching Orders. Papemork left within has a tendency to be completed or sorted between folders. 


Asset: Occupies 2-5 small asset slots in a single room. If papers (the Paths consumable) are inserted, allows for additional options to be generated on a selection in a subsequent downtime, or a chance of additional preparation phases granted, based on the number of slots taken up. Papers may be consumed, but if they are, they give an additional clue of a related type.  




7
Chess Statuette: You?  
An oversized chess piece, just under a foot tall, displayable as art. This piece is you, cast in a transparent material, but allegedly, another Paths practitioner might see themselves. 


Asset: A smaller asset displayed as art on a shelf, desk, or table, elevates a room and will be appreciated by Lost, especially, as well as certain other Others. Allegedly, having this displayed and placed in a place you call home means you're entitled to put a certain piece into play in certain Paths and puzzles. Grants another, minor, subtle benefit. Part of a collection; you can't hope to collect it all, but other chess pieces interlink.




2
Painting: Gambling Losses  
A painting of a gambler that excitedly shakes his die, preparing to roll, a maniacal grin on his face, while he's apparently sold everything, including shoes and shirt. The crowd looks on with concern or disappointment.  


Asset: Hung on the wall. At the close of an expedition or downtime where you lost at gambling, gain a paltry amount of real-world currency if the gambling was on the Paths, and a lone Lost Coin if the gambling was on Earth.


With Black Suits You, bottom-tier results in generating currency also trigger this.






What are you interested in?  


10.a Ask for the Single Files and Chess Statuette.  
10.b Ask for the Single Files and Gambling Losses.  
10.c Ask for the Chess Statuette and Gambling Losses.






Chapter 10 - The Marching Orders, Interception outside the Intersection 


People are busy negotiating for what you want. You pick the Chess Statuette and Single Files. 


“We got pretty lucky with our names,” Clover says. 


“I got especially lucky with mine,” Posie declares, chin rising a touch, so she’s looking down her nose at the people she glances at, via. the mirror. 


“It's fine. That's the way things are sometimes,” Benjo the Kitten Molester says. “My parents really wanted me to be born a Kitten Molester, and it didn’t work out that way.” 


“We're going, we have to go polish our bishops!” some cadets call out. “Taking our stuff!” 


“Anything else you want? Might be a last chance, with the best stock taken.”  




What are you interested in? 


10.a Express interest in clothing  
10.b Express interest in weapons  
10.c Express interest in trinkets  
10.d Express interest in rarer consumables.






That's just my cursor, I move it off the options because otherwise you get...
[as above, but with a popup]






Chapter 10 - The Marching Orders, Interception outside the Intersection 


2  
Shoddy Hit Piece  
These brass knuckles aren’t brass, but white and black marble. The ‘knuckles’ are molded chess pieces. Low quality.  


Equipment: Worn as gloves in bottom left slot, while also becoming your default weapon, altering default attacks. Always equipped, can't be disarmed. Stock defense cards extend benefits to stock attack cards to the left of them. Grants: 


[Check], altered stock attacks. 




1
Clubgel  
A two-handed wooden cudgel, styled after the clubs suit. It's painted black, but damage from being swung around has caused the underlying wood to show.  


Use: Wielded weapon. Heavy (can't be carried in belt/straps). Finishing an opponent with the Clubgel has a 50% to grant a [Spades/Clubs] clue. Augments Black for gambling equip effects, grants:  


[Bad Beat] 




“You can take one.” 


What are you interested in? 


10.a Take the shoddy hit piece  
10.b Take the clubgel  
10.c Don't take either.






Chapter 10 - The Marching Orders, Interception outside the Intersection  


You take the Clubgel. Between the decorations and the club, you have too many things to easily bring with you. 


1. Cards (Ace of Whispers, 11 of Evers)  
2. Writing Kit  
3. Chalk & Slate 
4. Red Crystal 
5. Petitioner’s Prize (Recharging) 
6. Cat Sweater  
7. Brick 
8. Marble Candle 
9. Balloon Zipper 
10. Food Pouch  
11. Spit Ball 
12. ---  


With one slot empty, you have the Clubgel, Chess Piece, and Single Files.




What do you drop/use/do?
10.* ?




((Two slots free, then))






(Chess piece is small and can be carried without being zipped.)






((The latter))






((Otherwise, gets to be a pain in the ass to track if you're taking it off & putting it back on repeatedly))






A.






((Nothing to take))






%roll 1d2 (1 = Food, 2 = Extra)
"(1 = Food, 2 = Extra)" [1] = 1






Chapter 10 - The Marching Orders, Interception outside the Intersection


Sorting things out, clipping the food pouch to your belt, you watch as the cadets run off, taking things with them. The thieves appear to have spilled things from their coinpurses in rounding the sharp corners of the intersections, and heading toward the cafe. Those things are...  




1  
En Croissant  
A croissant of layers of interweaving dark and white pastry with similarly laid out white and dark chocolate within.  


Consumable: Restore U based on your karmic standing, and then 1+ if you have positive karma, and lose 1+ if you have negative karma.






You'll need to sort out inventory again. While you’re doing that...  


10.a Go on to the intersections  
10.x Remain where you are (still costs supply)  
10.y-z Go back to a place you've been.






Chapter 10 - The Marching Orders, The Intersections


You call out to Links as you approach the intersection. The girls eat their snack of road pastry.  


“You asked us before,” Posie says, “What could you be doing different? Or what should you be doing? I have an opinion. Cards. I think you’re trying to hold onto cards to make a hand, but how many cards are you getting? When's the next hand? You might get a pair, but that won't be a big difference. You're a long way away from the good hands. And will you feel brave enough to use a card when you get one? You don’t seem to know what they do. 


“I barely know what they do,” Clover admits. 


“Well, that’s... that’s being Lost. We get to know a few cards you're looking out for, but usually you don’t want to use one because for a Lost, it’s a really good way to get defined in a big way, and you end up on one Path, doing something related until you die. And once you're in that role, you have other cards you're looking for, that make your whole deal easier, while a lot don’t, or mayyybe move you somewhere else. So it’s less... lots of neat things you do, and more...” 


“Coupons,” Penny says. “Life coupons. Or job tickets. Or life tickets.” 


“Yeah. Kind of an added currency, I guess? But if you get the right one, it’s a life changer. That's a big thing about the Paths. That there’s always a way to win big. Or lose big, I guess. But you’re not. Maybe you should experiment more. Like, what do you think your current cards might do?” 


“Um, just going to say,” Clover butts in, before you can answer. “I think Sinclair meant, you know, are they doing anything to make us secretly miserable?” 


“Oh. I wish my room wasn't full of mess, and that I had more clothes, and hair stuff...”






Speculate on what your cards do?
10.* ?






Chapter 10 - The Marching Orders, The Intersections


The intersection itself has a parade held up by angry locals. It looks like a few thugs are making life hard for the stragglers. The parade here is very thin, and this is making it worse.  


A thug notices you and gets in your way. He has a pot for a helmet, with glowing eyes peering out of shadows beneath, at a level where his mouth should be. 


One of his companions, a sniveling sort of boy with a leering face that is flat on either side, bent around a raised crease extending from forehead to chin, leers and makes sniveling sounds. His eyes are permanently squinting shut, his teeth bared in a perpetual toothy smile. He wields a slave catcher- a ring of metal with spikes on the inside, at the end of a pole, that can close around a limb. 


And the girl of the group looks like a badly singed cloth doll with a gas mask, her feet not rigid enough to keep her steady on her feet. Pieces of her yarn hair, clothing, or cloth body are perpetually on fire because she’s very sloppy with the molotov she holds. She puts one part out just in time for another to ignite. 


“Toll to pass. Give us something, and we'll let you scurry by,” the thug tells you.






What do you do?


10.a Give up an item. Its value decides if they'll let you by or demand more. 
10.b Try to run past. Each of the three might do something specific, like try to mug you, grab you with that slave catcher, or set you on fire.  
10.c Pick a fight with two out of the three, of: thug, slaver, and raider. One will likely stay back to keep control over the parade stragglers.






((You don't get to choose))






Chapter 10 - The Marching Orders, The Intersections


"The Ace of Whispers looks madness-related, or secrets, given the moons and the Grift Horse's whole deal... Given that it's the Ace, maybe single-target, potent effect?  


“Maybe. Hm. You had me thinking you were way off in Left Field, but you might actually be thinking about this the right way. I guess the question is... how can you confirm if you don’t try stuff out sometimes?”  


...As for the 11 of Evers... Maybe it rockets us forward, unstoppably or indestructably, by a set distance? Would be a pretty far distance if so, given the value." 


“Value?” Posie asks, genuinely bewildered. “And no, I... don’t think it would do that. Nevermind what I said before, I don’t think you’re thinking about this right. Not that I’m an expert. I was always looking out for a Queen or Two of Mirrors, I didn’t pay much attention, otherwise.” 


“We're boon companions, so we don’t fuss with that,” Clover says. 


“Well, you don’t have to. Your role is set.”  


“I mess with wolves and punch things bigger and meaner than me in the soft bits. And I see at least one person bigger and meaner than me here.” 


“And I like swimming.” 


“Do you hafta ruin my line by following it with that?” 


“And puddles.”






[hand: Axe Coin, Fish Assist, Plant Feet, [shield DR], [shield URDL], [hit DD, shield RR], Hardwood; Tidal Slap and Rock Spiral available]






((Thug & Raider))






%roll 1d2 (1 = destroyed, 2 = not)
"(1 = destroyed, 2 = not)" [1] = 1






%roll 1d2+2
[1] + 2 = 3






%roll 1d4
[4] = 4






%roll 1d3 (health loss)
"(health loss)" [1] = 1






New cards:
Escape Plan (Thug) - at end of next round, and every round thereafter, can automatically escape combat with adjacent allies.  (flanking enemies do count as adjacent)
Torch - Next three attacks are made torch attacks.  (pips are changed to burning pips)






%roll 1d13
[1] = 1






[combat with Thug and Raider]




ESCAPE PLAN


At end of next round, & every round thereafter, can automatically escape with adjacent allies.




TORCH
[fire UL]


Next three attacks are also made torch attacks.






[combat]






Penny deals 1 to the raider.


You suffer 1 from the thug.


Penny blocks the torch swing.






[combat]


BROWBEAT


Mark out three random items to steal. Target can take 1 damage to save one, 3 to save two, and 6 to save all three.




MUG
[hit R]


Steal something on hit.






%roll 3d12
[2] [9] [4] = 15






%roll 1d3
[2] = 2






((Is this a genuine 'we wanted to' or a decision in retrospect, after the Thug brings out his guns?))






((Chat seemed to be indicating a desire to go all in on the raider))






Chapter 10 - The Marching Orders, The Intersections


You've slapped the raider with an extension to your arm, fashioned out of compressed water. It explodes outward, dampening your torch.  


The Thug steps in, however, and begins menacing you, one hand on your belt, one fist raised. He wants your stuff and he’s prepared to smash your face in if you don’t hand it over. The items at risk are... 


The Writing Kit 
The Red Crystal 
The Balloon Zipper  


If he steals, you can retrieve the items by defeating him. If he runs, the items are most likely lost.






[hand: Axe Coin, Plant Feet, [shield DR], [shield URDL], Hardwood; Rock Spiral available]






((I think it's fair to say it mitigates.  Doesn't work against spent health like blood sacrifice though))






Your guarded kick dealt 2.
Browbeat deals 3 (reduced to 1) to you.
Mug is blocked.
Plant Feet deals 1 to foe.  Resets regen to 2.






Your health is -1 from drawing on Self for casting.
-1 from thug's 2nd play
-1 from Browbeat
+3 from regen






What do you do with combat advantage? 


10.a Try to draw an attack and use it 
10.b Draw 1 and discard 2.  
10.c Use an item for free (or do something else that would require a card play)  
10.d Flee the combat






What do you do with the March Flair?  


10.a Heal 1 missing health  
10.b Deal 2 damage to the Thug  
10.c Deal 2 damage to the Raider






%roll 1d12
[3] = 3






[Wide Kick [dus-boosted: hits DLL, shields D]]


Wide Kick


10.a Don’t use, return to deck  
10.b Don’t use, send to discard






%roll 1d11
[5] = 5






He draws and applies left block.




[shield L]






Takes two
Takes two from March Flair






%roll 4d11
[1] [7] [5] [9] = 22






[hand: Axe Coin, Axe Coin, Posie Assist, [shield DR], [shield URDL], Expound, Fade Away; Rock Spiral available]






%roll 1d7
[1] = 1






[hand: Axe Coin, Axe Coin, Posie Assist, [shield DR], [shield URDL], [hit U, shield U], Fade Away; Rock Spiral available]






%roll 1d2
[2] = 2






%roll 1d4
[1] = 1






((I did not account for it, but at a glance, wouldn't have been drawn with the numbers I rolled))






%roll 1d2
[1] = 1






%roll 1d4
[1] = 1






%roll 1d3
[2] = 2






[combat]




[combat]


SWEAT THEM


Every pip played opposite your flame pips or atop burning cards are accompanied by a discard from foe's card pool.






Card text: Sweat Them: Every card pip played opposite your flame pips or atop burning cards are accompanied by a discard from foe's card pool.






[hand: [hit L], Haymaker, Posie Assist, [shield DR], [shield URDL], [hit U, shield U], Fade Away; Rock Spiral available]






%roll 1d6
[3] = 3






[hand: Haymaker, Uppercut, [shield DR], [shield URDL], [hit U, shield U], Fade Away; Rock Spiral available]






%roll 3d4
[3] [4] [3] = 10






%roll 1d3 (life spend)
"(life spend)" [2] = 2






Current status:
Health: UUUUUUXXX
Morale: ++++++X
Supply: OOOOOOOX






%roll 1d2
[2] = 2






%roll 1d3
[1] = 1






%roll 1d4
[2] = 2






((After brief discussion and consideration -- Fade Away doesn't ignore, block, or counter Sweat Them, which continues to apply, but ignores the torch pips, so doesn't dump cards into card pool & hasten exhaustion.))






[combat]






[combat]






The coin finishes the raider.  The thug partially blocks the uppercut.






[hand: Axe Coin, [shield DL], [shield URDL], [hit U, shield U]]






[combat]






%roll 2d3
[1] [1] = 2






%roll 2d3
[1] [3] = 4






%roll 1d4
[4] = 4






%roll 2d100 (1-50 = coin, 51-90 = food, 91-100 = other)






"(1-50 = coin, 51-90 = food, 91-100 = other)" [28] [93] = 121






%roll 1d20
[11] = 11






%roll 1d24
[3] = 3






%roll 1d20
[12] = 12






%roll 1d3
[1] = 1






Chapter 10 - The Marching Orders, The Intersections


With the raider struck by the coin a second time, you catch the coin out of the air, and deck the thug. The slaver runs off. You're able to retrieve your red crystal. And you collect your spoils.  




0
Storybook Stone
This scribbled-over chunk of rectangular stone has a fairy tale witten across its surfaces. The story drips off the edges. 


Resource: This has no direct use. This is also a resource, worth $2.50 toward crafting. It is lore based, and you recognize it having properties for both Paths & Scrivening. 


Curse or Puzzle: Any you know. 3x cooldown.




1
Pants on Fire
These cloth pants are a startling red, with coppery seams that catch the light and, away from innocents, periodically smoulder or ignite. 


Equipment: Worn in bottom middle slot. When set on fire, draw [Fire] defensive cards. Every two items of this set synergize with elemental Spark, Fire, and Magma equipment as if part of those sets. Grants:  


[Sweat Them] 




0
Lost Coin 
Two elderly Lost cast in the orange light of a sunrise enjoy tea at a table littered with letters they're writing. The rest of the room is a darker purple.  




Currency: Lost Coin. Paths currency. You're figuring these out, maybe. 


1
Goblin Clothespin  


A safety pin for clothing that isn't very safe. The hinge end has a little metallic goblin face on it. 


Use: Connect two adjacent pieces of gear. Randomly: 


- Count items of Set A as 1/2 an item of Set B  
- As above, but vice versa.


If one of the sets is a goblin set, do both. 50% chance of breaking when unpinned.






Chapter 10 - The Marching Orders, The Intersections 


You wrap up, and the parade continues. As they do, you can see some balloons drifting up and away from you, well above the building tops. Had circumstances been better, you might have had a chance to grab at them before they got up too high to reach. 


Reaching the center of the Intersections, you can tell the gate is locked and barred. 


Your inventory is overloaded. You'll have to leave some things behind.






((Sort out your inventory))






Chapter 10 - The Marching Orders, The Intersections


The girls split the spit ball, since no Lost seem to want it, while you go through the process of trying to figure out how to fossick the Single Files. It fizzles, to your frustration. The item is drained of fossick-ability and left to restore itself from ambient spirits. It appears Fossick will only work in certain spaces and contexts (surrounded with a diamond shape, like the Path entrance is), and only if an answer or solution hasn’t been given.  


You offer to return the doll raider’s spare pants if she'll explain something about why the parade is so weak here today. 


“You'll see if you go a ways further. They’re telling all the new recruits to go this way at this one shop with a tin exterior, and bronze trim, and copper counters, where they deal in coin, and the goods are good but one of the coins is picked randomly first. And that way at this other shop with copper walls and tin trim, and bronze counters, where they give you the opportunity to take one thing. And another way at a third shop with bronze walls, tin counters, and copper trim, where they sell nice things on the cheap, but they'll tell you only part of what it’s all about. Then it’s the same thing later on.” 


She sighs, lying spread-eagled on the ground, with holes in her body. “Cake-eating, incurious, side-of-the-road little goose of a Path administrator can’t get the parade past the tower, cadets are going to go home. Or they'll pick up a torch and mask and go have their own fun on parade day, am I right?”






%roll 1d2 (Add ½ Teak to March on 1 , or vice-versa on a 2?)
"(Add ½ Teak to March on 1 , or vice-versa on a 2?)" [1] = 1






Chapter 10 - The Marching Orders, The Intersections  


You sort out your inventory, taking the Lost Coin and Storybook Stone, and linger for a brief while. It doesn’t appear Links is present today. You could wait, but that will make for a delay and eat into supplies.






What next? 


10.x-z Return to any space you've been to before. 
10.w Wait here for a bit. 
10.a Go to one of the limbs of the complicated bridge, where some Lost are bartering on the band that arcs over the parade concourse, starting at the right-hand side of the street, and ending on the left.  
10.b Go to one of the limbs of the complicated bridge, where it seems some things have been abandoned. The band of bridge starts at the left-hand side of the street and ends on the right.






List your items from most valued to least.
10.* ...






((Just inventory))






((Locking in))






%roll 3l12
(10) [1] (7) = 1






Chapter 10 - The Marching Orders, The Shadowy Bridge 


As you approach the pile of goods, you’re aware of the possibility of a trap, and pause. Ropes are hauled up from the sides of the bridge, and two Lost in the pile of stuff jumps out at you. One manages to grab you, seizing your Lost Coin. You avoid the second reaching hand and push them away. 


They scamper off into the shadows before you free your arm and regain your balance.






What next? 


10.w-z Return to any space you've been to before.  
10.v Wait here for a bit.  
10.a Go to the center of the shadowy bridge. One band of the bridge hangs over the other, in an optical illusion. It looks like a Lost swordsman is laying in wait, there.






((You could jump to the node to your left, but not that far.






((I think that'd make some things too easy))






Chapter 10 - The Marching Orders, The Shadowy Bridge  


You call out to Links and make the required gestures- the diagram flows onto your hand, then off it, to form the circle that Links can operate within. 


He blinks a few times. “Oh, you’re summoning me on the ugly bridge. Nothing good happens here. Still not as crazy as the last time you called me.” 


“What happened the last time?” Posie asks. 


“l’ll tell you later,” Clover assures her.






What do you say?
10.* ...






Chapter 10 - The Marching Orders, The Shadowy Bridge 


"Damn. I was trying to figure out the bridge. Look, I wanted to check in on you, since last fight was pretty crazy, ask about your feelings on the binding situation, thank you for going out of your way to get that goblet...But is this bridge just a bad place to do that? Or are we good chatting here?" 


“We're fine. It’s the worst part of the parade route, unless you count the tower, but it doesn’t look like anyone is coming for us. My brother Stinks likes to hang out here, which should tell you all you need to know. I don’t think he’s around. Bunch of us got pulled into another Path. One you humans haven't named yet. Me and all my brothers together again. Including Binks. The jackass.” 


What do you say?  
10.* ...






Chapter 10 - The Marching Orders, The Shadowy Bridge


Pulled to a new Path? Huh. Is that sort of how it feels to get summoned by me? I was wondering about that, you know. My binding secures the Dogwood Witch, but I don’t know how it feels for Lost. I’m curious what it’s like for you...  


“No, no. I mean, Lost in general, unless we're too key to a Path, we can get pulled to another Path if there’s a need. If a guest walks a Path that needs some thieves like myself... I could get invited. The lower the number of possible scoundrels, the lower the... pressure? Sometimes they need cat related things, sometimes they need other things. They invite and I go.” 


“I’ve never been to the Marching Orders,” Posie says, “But I’ve been to something similar, tied to another Path like The Pound. I was very good with the baton, if I may say so myself. Then there was a call for students at The Pound, and I went, but I wasn’t a very good fit.” 


“Sometimes a Lost is uninvitable, the Path that has them needs them it'd be a mess if they went off somewhere else and a guest arrived and the Path needed them. Can’t go back and forth like that,” Links says. 


“You become part of the Path,” Posie said. “Which happens more if you use a card, like I said, or do certain things, or grow into a role.” 


“Being bound is like... there’s a call for a very specific thing. Me. The way it is now, it’s not much different. Sometimes annoying, or scary, but I’m getting stronger faster than some of my brothers, you give me stuff sometimes. And you got me, fair and square. I could fight it or make things harder for both of us, but I don’t have to.”






Chapter 10 - The Marching Orders, The Shadowy Bridge


But I don’t want to get too sidetracked. Here. You did great work back on Earth—might’ve even saved my life. This is the best Cat thing I have on me...and a little more. [Offer the cat sweater, and perform a BSY trick in the process, drawing out a coin to give to Links] 


“I won't say no,” Links says, accepting the items. 


If there’s anything else you want, let me know. Like...Last summon was crazy, so if you don’t want to be summoned to fight horrors again, we can arrange that. 


“It's fine. Especially if you give me gifts after hard summons. But! guess if I had to put something down... might be nice to have a schedule. Knowing I can go do something or walk the Paths without worrying about being pulled away to fight. Like find a queen, in the cat sense. Hmm.” 


(Links suggests a schedule by which, every 3rd (or 4th, or 5th - you can decide) expedition, you won’t summon him.)






What do you say?
10.* ...






((It'd be all uptimes))






Chapter 10 - The Marching Orders, The Shadowy Bridge


Let's say a break every fourth expedition, for now? The Dogwood Witch, who you met briefly in the House with the Horrors, has taken an injury so I'm a little light on help. Once I've secured a couple more options, we can bump that up to three. And maybe let's leave the door open for real emergencies, but I'll compensate you fairly if that happens - a triple-length break, plus the usual danger bonus.  


“Hmm,” he murmurs, jamming hands into his pockets, Cat Sweater slung over his shoulder. “Hhhm. What I was really after was time I could be really truly free and clear. If I’m pulled to some Path and there’s a girl with fifty kittens crawling all over her who likes me because I shared some green herb tea with her for all the scratches, just as one example, and I’m thinking of spending some time with her, I don’t want to make the trip cutting across nine Paths, go, ask, and then in the middle of things, I get pulled away? You don’t always get a second chance. So I'd rather it was a longer wait, like every four, but it stays at four, and I know for sure. Because I don’t want to wait until, you know, you die, and people lose track of how to summon me, to chase some chances down.” 


“If Sinclair has or adopts kids, it could be even longer,” Penny remarks. 


Links makes a small pained sound, before adding, “You have a lot of emergencies, it seems like.”






What do you say?
10.* ...






((Locking in))






%roll 3l12
(10) [1] (7) = 1






What next? 


10.w-z Return to any space you've been to before.  
10.v Wait here for a bit.  
10.a Go to the center of the shadowy bridge. One band of the bridge hangs over the other, in an optical illusion. It looks like a Lost swordsman is laying in wait, there.






((You could jump to the node to your left, but not that far.






((I think that'd make some things too easy))






((It'd be all uptimes))






Chapter 10 - The Marching Orders, The Shadowy Bridge 


That's fair. Let's keep it consistent then. Every fourth expedition, no exceptions. 


“Sure thing. Thanks. Is it alright if that starts a bit sooner?” (He proposes two expeditions from now, so it'd be expeditions 12, 16, 20..., making it easier to track.) 


What do you say?  


10.a Agree
10.b Refuse






((I'm going to amend how Dus Diaspora works - after thinking about it, it really is meant to let you skip an inconvenient node, so we'll have it operate with a radius, or skipping a node, keeping the 'must be able to walk there' rule))






What next? 


10.w-z Return to any space you've been to before.  
10.v Wait here for a bit.  
10.a Go to the center of the shadowy bridge. One band of the bridge hangs over the other, in an optical illusion. It looks like a Lost swordsman is laying in wait, there.






Chapter 10 - The Marching Orders, Clash on the Bridge


The swordsman on the bridge looks young, neither child nor adult, with messy hair that has taken on a faint coloring and hue that looks more like a night sky with stars in it than anything else. His cheek has a scuff mark, the bridge of his nose a bandage, and he wears a hooded jacket over a breastplate - it looks like the sort a child might wear, but it’s been modified, with bands of cloth at the seams, to expand it in every direction, and a bit of armor has been worked in at one shoulder. More bits of armor have been strapped on over his pants. His eyes are wide, and like his hair, there’s a coloration to them that isn’t normal, but more like a sunset than a night sky. Blood runs down the edge of his blade. It looks like he’s dispatched six Lost recently and is in pretty good shape.  


“Oh,” the boy murmurs, as if to himself. His eyes flash as he looks at you. “There’s something wrong with you.” 


He asserts his grip on his blade. 


“There’s something wrong with him too,” Clover notes. “That's not a Lost, or not quite. Sometimes people get stuck on the Paths without a way home. Or they fall off the edge of a Path and hit too many Paths or other things before they hit solid ground, absorbing bits and pieces of each. It usually means they have some abilities and knowledge from when they were human.” 


“Can I suggest we sacrifice a member of our group,” Posie says, her eyes firmly on the mirror, mirror angled to let her study the boy. “We can let him vanquish them while the rest run.” 


She angles the mirror to give you a look. 


“If so, I might nominate myself.”






[combat with boy adventurer]


[combat]


GRAND FLOURISH


You gain 1 superadvantage






Card Text: Grand Flourish - You gain 1 superadvantage






%roll 7d20
[2] [14] [12] [7] [18] [7] [17] = 77






[hand: Axe Coin, Plant Feet [dus-boosted], Posie Assist, Wide Right, [shield UD], Uppercut, Fade Away]






[links hand: [evade L: [On evade, attack in specified directions [RL]]], [evade U], [evade D], [hit RR], [evade R]]






((Direct Links too))






((Attributions you've played or seen played on a target are ok.  Your shortlist looks to be knot, empty, clubs, luck, dog))






%roll 1d2+2
[1] + 2 = 3






%roll 1d4
[3] = 3






[combat]






Chapter 10 - The Marching Orders, Clash on the Bridge 


You finish attributing Empty on the young swordsman. It may take effect from any point he pauses for a moment in combat. (Any point he draws a card) 


He pulls a paper from his sleeve and the rune on it glows.  




ROCK HALOFree play. Create a row of rock spikes on either side of you. They persist from round to round. Foes adjcanet to these rock spikes cannot use movement abilities. When ring is created, already played cards lose all shields.






[combat]






((Your play))






%roll 1d13
[4] = 4






[hand: Plant Feet [dus-boosted], Posie Assist, Wide Right, [shield UD], Fade Away, [hit DD, shield RR [dus-boosted]]






((You can talk.  Most effective talking, negotiation, etc, happens during the advantage phase.))






((Overrides))






[combat]






Chapter 10 - The Marching Orders, Clash on the Bridge 


The One of Choruses flashes, and in the wake of it, the boy adventurer is followed by a time delayed afterimage.






((Allocate your uppercut hits & Links' thrust, and pick your card plays.  Your card resolves after 5s are played))






%roll 1d4
[1] = 1






[combat]


[unnamed swordsman rapier card]
[hits D]


On a hit, you may draw a random attack card and play it against the same defense. Max 3x/round.






Chapter 10 - The Marching Orders, Clash on the Bridge 


The Ace of Whispers dissolves into mist. You feel refreshingly uneasy? Or uneasily refreshed?






[combat]






((How do you allocate?))






((Nothing to allocate- he can't hit you))






[combat]






The Boy Adventurer wins advantage and uses a crystal to charge himself with magical power, for future rune use.






%roll 1d3
[1] = 1






%roll 1d4
[4] = 4






Chapter 10 - The Marching Orders, Clash on the Bridge 


[Card I clue]


Spend a Card I clue, using what we've been learning from cards already, and from the little we've seen of the Evers suit (the coin with the black hole, and now the giant beasts), to get a hint on what Evers could mean as a suit  


The commonality at play here seems to be extremes - extremely large, extremely old, extremely far away. It’s not quite forever, but it’s four-sevenths of the way there. Not quite a ‘verse’ if the letters are rearranged, but getting there.






Chapter 10 - The Marching Orders, Clash on the Bridge 


"Maybe we can talk this out? Wise to Wise? Not by killing each other?" 


“I’m not wise. I’m a wanderer of strange lands, learning lessons everywhere I go, picking up new techniques and knowledge, so I can better right wrongs,” he says, spreading his arms, his long, narrow blade in one hand. He seems intent on continuing. 


The time delayed version of the boy adventurer pulls a paper from his sleeve and the rune on it glows. 


[Rock Halo]






[combat]


[HEROIC LEAP]
[hit UR]


Move to a chosen lane






[hand: Four Kicks, Plant Feet [dus-boosted], Posie Assist, Vault, [shield UD], Fade Away, [shield DL]]


FOUR KICKS
[hit URDL]


Put Three Kicks into your hand.






%roll 4d11
[7] [7] [7] [1] = 22






[links hand: [evade L: [On evade, attack in specified directions [RL]]], [evade L], [shield RL], [shield DL], [Attempt to steal something]]






((Fair to say yes.))






((No))






((Because at that point the damage is going through))






Defense pips mitigate, but otherwise the card doesn't go through.






Rocks prevent escape but if you deal with all the rocks in the lane adjacent, you can opt to leave.






[combat]




ATTEMPT ESCAPE






%roll 3d6
[6] [6] [4] = 16






What next? 


10.v-z Return to any space you've been to before.
10.v Wait here for a bit.  
10.a Go to the gathering of Lost at the foot of the shadowy bridge.  
10.b Go to where it seems like some ruffians are causing some trouble.






Chapter 10 - The Marching Orders, The Lonely Road 


Ahead of you stretches a road with water on either side, and a bishop-shaped lighthouse along the middle that might double as a guard tower. It’s only a single lane, and is narrow enough that people might be able to go by two-by-two, but anything more than that would be a chore, and already, there are some Lost along the bridge that are struggling to catch up, some pushing carts of gear, others wheeling their giant drums ahead. Some of it looks annoying to get around, some looks like a mild inconvenience. You're not sure how it’s supposed to be doable when the parade is in full swing. 


Clover nudges you.






Chapter 10 - The Marching Orders, The Lonely Road


“Hog’s wash and nun’s compost,” one of the disaffected cadets says. His eyes are painted on beneath his cap. “Why even bother, when they can’t run a half-decent parade? My ma wasn’t even sure she’d show, because things are so awful.” 


A girl who looks normal from in front or behind, but has a 10-inch diameter hole through her head that she’s clearly trying to hide with hair parted in the middle and pulled forward seems to vigorously agree with him, nodding. She jumps in to say, “My neighbor was all, Wee Naif, parade’s all stopped up, it’s your responsibility as a cadet to make the lonely road less lonely. I live here, other side of the lonely road! I know how great the cadet can be when things don’t work, and how crap things can be when we're all jammed up and turned around. And it ain’t great. We should desert. Block the road, extract a toll for anyone wanting through.” 


“I guess,” a third cadet says. He hides his lower face with a kerchief and is managing a drum. “But isn’t that wrong?” 


“I mean yeah, but... what's the other choice?” the boy with the painted eyes asks. He points at the bridge. “You want to roll your drum uphill to the middle of that? And down the other half?” 


Posie steps forward a bit. It seems she might want to say something.






What next? 


10.a Try to discourage them from becoming deserters and turning to a life of crime. 
10.b Sympathize and encourage them. Maybe if they become a part of things, they'll put in a good word with other scoundrels and deserters. 
10.c Provide them with a third path - this would require an item or clue.  
10.d Have Posie use her background as a frustrated cadet and handle one of the above. (and indicate which one)






Chapter 10 - The Marching Orders, The Lonely Road


“I was like you, out on the Causeway Célebre,” Posie tells the would-be deserters. “I was the best baton twirler, earned my accolades, and got pushed out to other places. Cut School, Laughing Academy, Strong Stomach, then the Pound. My figure filled out.”  


“It's good,” the would-be deserter with the hole in her head notes. 


“l used to be mostly reflection, I put a lot of focus on that, and I’m sure everyone will agree that it was worth the effort. Except I couldn’t hack the lessons. They were stupid. Have you had your coming of age?” 


All three shake their heads. 


“I have, not that long ago. I thought it would help. It didn’t. I think I'm a step ahead of you, then. I know what it’s like. Other people’s stupidity, making bad tests, making you set up a parade. But I also know that if you stick it out, there’s a chance. It’s when you stop moving forward that you get stuck.” 


“Did it work out, then?” the boy with the scarf asks. 


“Don’t know yet. I feel pretty useless, but Sinclair here knows that when they picked me, they were getting a beginner at the start of her journey. What I do know? If I'd stayed I’d be miserable, getting stuck-in, with older Lost telling me I’m doing it wrong, I shouldn't be focused on my appearance, or making all the test answers about me, when clearly my face and I are the best things on that Path or this one. Idiots.” 


She pauses. “Except that boy on the bridge. I'll be thinking about him for the next while, I can tell you that.”






“Boy on the bridge?” the boy with the painted eyes asks. 


“Incredible, beautiful. Go see for yourself. Either he lets you by and you get to bask in his presence for a little while, and then you keep moving after that, or he’ll murder you, and then maybe you'll get scattered to the Paths and reconfigure into something that doesn’t have to do stupid parade marches.” 


The three young cadets perk up at that. That does the trick, and they rush off, apparently deciding to abandon some things and work together to bring what remains. 


Clover waits until they’re well out of earshot before adding, “Or they'll be dead forever. You don’t always reconfigure.” 


“Worse ways to go,” Posie says, with a shrug. 


Some of the things left behind look awkward to take with you. 




4
Cadet's Chinstrap
This black strap has a metallic bit meant to sit at the point of the chin. Keeps a cadet's cap on.


Use: Worn in top middle slot. Any number of cards given by [Cadet] set cards or provided by guns can be added to the card pool instead of replacing cards. They semi-randomly have Ready, Aim, and Fire printed on them. Get a sequence of three to shoot the enemy and get a Bullet consumable. Gives: [Take Cover]




1
Sealed Invite: Training
This slightly yellowed letter with a gray seal with swords on it can be handed to an Innocent and will be accepted as if it was orders from someone of higher station.


Consumable: Grants free access to any Innocent managed training, exercise, or educational event. You do not need to pay, nobody will question why you are there. 50% to be consumed on use.




6
One’s Own Drum
A very large drum, as wide across as you are tall. It is yours. If someone else had it, it would be theirs. It is special in this way.


Asset: If you finish a downtime cycle having undertaken only actions that are private and solo (reading, research, investigate, craft, etc.), 16% chance to have an extra downtime slot next cycle. On a failed roll, % stacks for the next time you roll. Part of a set. Makes your neighbors unhappy.






%roll 1d6 (Balloon Zipper jams on a 1)
"(Balloon Zipper jams on a 1)" [3] = 3






%roll 1d3
[2] = 2






What next? 


10.x Wait here for a bit. 
10.y Go back to the fight behind you.  
10.z Go back to the gathering behind you.  
10.a Cross the Lonely Road and approach the Lost there.






%roll 1d3
[3] = 3






-# Forgot the letters






%roll 1d24
[24] = 24






%roll 4d7
[2] [5] [2] [4] = 13






Chapter 10 - The Marching Orders, The Lonely Road 


A group of Lost are standing outside the homes that are near the exit of the lonely road, engaged in heated discussion. It looks like some are intimidated, and leave. 


Among those who remain, there’s a single Lost who seems very upset about government; a loud Other who somehow doesn’t seem very Lost, sounding like your radio does when not quite tuned to a station; a knitting Lost who smiles sweetly, that others seem scared of; and a group of four cadets who are giving advice to a younger girl.






Who do you talk to?  


10.a The angry old man  
10.b The loud non-Lost Other  
10.c The old woman with her knitting 
10.d The group of cadets






Chapter 10 - The Marching Orders, The Lonely Road


You can hear the old man’s complaining before you even reach him, as you walk past. “We need better! What's the point, if you’re not going to get past the tower!? Desolation, kids with nothing to do. Build a better dreaming re-”  


“Path,” a disgruntled, but less vocal local interjects. 


“Build a better Path! And stop changing what things are called! Three neighborhoods set up where they ought to be, one solid connect, the rest is a fecking mess!” 


“Okay, granddad,” the man’s beleaguered son says. “Let’s go before the crowd gets to be a problem.” 


All of this overheard when you make your approach. You can stay to chat with others, but that might mean your pursuers cover a bit more ground.






What next? 


10.a Move on to the observatory gift shop.  
10.b Talk to the loud non-Lost Other  
10.c Talk to the old woman with her knitting  
10.d Talk to the group of cadets  
10.x Wait here for a bit.  
10.y Go back to the fight behind you.  
10.z Go back to the gathering behind you.






Chapter 10 - The Marching Orders, Observatory Gift Shop 


You approach the observatory gift shop, which is desolate. There is no parade at the observatory, and there’s a lot of devastation - it looks like someone might have tried to push a parade float around the cliffside beside the observatory, and tumbled down into the water. The crews that were setting up the telescopes have abandoned the project midway, and are drinking. 


The gift shop is a little booth erected outside the building, now with its signage partially hanging loose, billowing in the wind. A Lost, somehow familiar, too short to easily peer over the counter, looks at you. She wears an army helmet, and a cadet uniform that’s been turned inside out and added to, with black and white kerchiefs. 


“Need power for the telescope,” she mumbles. “We're going to make it into a ray gun.”






0
Piecemeal Chess Piece Pieces  
Segments of chess pieces, grown out as a single cluster. It appears to have already had some crowns and shafts sawed off for use in chess-themed work.  


Resource: This has no direct use. This is also a resource, worth an unknown amount of money. It seems protection- based, and something else? 




0
Rational Rations  
This tin of Lost food rations has instructions on the order one is to painstakingly open and consume it. A big waming label indicates danger if you eat out of order.  


Use: Has 4 charges, eaten 1 at a time: 


1. Stiff Back Crackers, if over 50% supply, restore 1d3 supply.  
2. Freeze-boiled Path Herbs, heal 1d3 health if below 3U.  
3. Soft Crackers: If below 50% supply, restore 1d3 supply.  
4. Par-dryed Path Herbs, heal 1d3 health if above 6U.  




0
Ace of Vagrants  
Only the vagrant's hands are seen, on either side of a recently untied bindle. Within is a trove of things to sell. Impoverished, he’s still ready to start a new life.  


Consumable: Used on the Paths, function unknown. There's a variety of cards out there, with an underlying logic, and apparently you can collect hands of cards to great effect. Good luck!  




0
Paths Herb, Orange  
It looks like it might be a flower, but the petals run all down the stalk, and it has a spicy smell. 


Consumable: You could try eating it. It's an herb. You don't know enough about Paths Herbs to know what it is or what it might do.  




0
Trampled Papers, ‘March’  
These assorted papers were left on the ground and stepped on, but there's potentially useful information here. 


Use: Can spend at any time for 1-2 clues, some Path related. If used in relation to something tied to the title image, instead grants a basic hint in addition to the clues  




0
Lost Coin  
In an orchard where trunks end in giant red apples, and there's a suggestion of past strife, a postman in a blue-green outtit hands the orchard-working Lost a letter. 


Currency: Lost Coin. Paths currency. You're figuring these out, maybe.  




0
Path Trash  
This clump of trash doesnt always look the same when examined, from the top as from the side. 


Consumable: Can pull it apart to get 0-3 random tier 0 Paths items. Brought back to a workshop or such, gives a clue, instead






"Three coins, let us take power from one random thing you own or are wearing, or you give us three things you name."






Buy anything?


10.* Yes (and what, and how?)
10.a No




((Yeah.  Doable))






To be clear, the girl at the counter is asking for...
 3 coins OR 1 item in your inventory or gear (not a consumable) goes on cooldown, at random OR 3 items in your inventory/gear (that aren't consumables) go on cooldown, you choose which.






Chapter 10 - The Marching Orders, Observatory Gift Shop  


Ask the cadet if she's from the FRT. 


“Hunh? Oh, yeah. Not so many people take baby badgers as boon companions, so I’m trying to be useful in other places. I’m not available to be booned, bound, or made a companion, so don’t try. Rules.”






Buy anything?


10.* Yes (and what, and how?)  
10.a No






((Another dialogue option spends supply & advances LWs))






((Just dialogue))






((Not generally.  Rule is if it's holding up or taking the place of other activities, then conversation counts for 1/2 a supply.  Two such conversations = 1 supply & time moves forward.  This is where the convo with Links ate into your supply/progress on the MO.))






Chapter 10 - The Marching Orders, Observatory Gift Shop 


You get the papers - it seems your items will be recharging for a few Paths. 


The red crystal is spent as you put the energy into your sandals.






What next? 


10.a Go ahead to the platform in front of the observatory, where there are small telescopes, and the observatory building itself.  
10.b Go down the slope by the cliff to where it tapers off into darkness. It looks like it might lead off this Path.  
10.w Go back to the end of the narrow Path 
10.x Wait here for a bit.  
10.y Go back to the fight behind you.  
10.z Go back to the gathering behind you.






Chapter 10 - The Marching Orders, Observatory Gift Shop


"With that badger spotting, and...too many other things, it feels like the world is pointing me towards returning, sometime. But I don't know what that would entail. Would you two be guides and sacrifices again?"  


“Uh,” Clover almost stops walking. “Would you want us to be sacrifices?” 


“It doesn’t work that way,” Penny says. She's intentionally leaing into puddles at the side of the road around the observatory, arms out to either side for balance. “There's a ritualness to the first walking of the Forest Ribbon Trail. Think of it like a regular Path now, but the rules are relaxed. You can go, get stuff, escape rope out, like you've been doing, or walk it to its end. Which is both harder and easier than the Paths we've been doing.” 


“Harder because the Wolf will have a turn with you,” Clover says. “You won't remember it, but it'll leave you in rough shape. But that dismount can take you to any Innocent place and some non-Innocent ones. Probably not the Red Room those Wolves are from, or Kane's item vault.” 


“You've already done what you need to do, sacrifice-wise, so there’s no need to sacrifice-” Penny says, crouching. She jumps. “Us!” 


She turns into a fish mid-leap, landing awkwardly in a shallow puddle. There she lies on her side, wriggling, very obviously struggling to breathe. 


“Pick her up,” Clover nudges Posie. “Or you can change back.” 


“Ew. I don’t want fishy hands.” 


Clover picks up Penny. “Change. I know we have an escape route in mind, but I don’t like those red not-birds that are flying our way. Let's not waste time.” 


Penny changes back, leaving Clover holding the top of her hood. Clover doesn't let go and keeps puling her by the hood, leaving Penny stooped over and stumbling to follow.






Chapter 10 - The Marching Orders, Observatory Gift Shop 


The observatory itself is decrepit, and looks like a giant pawn, except with the sphere at the top writ large, and split, with a larger telescope looking out - apparently the thing that will be a ray gun, if that project finishes. Workmen who've abandoned the work are fighting a bit. It looks like there are some telescopes here. Using them would take time. It looks like there’s one for viewing prior areas of the Marching Orders, one that gives a view of related Paths, and one that lets you view a location on Earth.






What next? 


10.a Move on to the far end of the observatory 
10.b Go back and down the slope to possibly leave this Path  
10.c Use the telescope to view the earlier sections of the Marching Orders  
10.d Use the telescope to view the related Paths  
10.e Use the telescope to view a location on Earth 
10.* Something else






Chapter 10 - The Marching Orders, Exit


You make the leap up to the top of the sphere, and plant the flag. Light flares from the point the flag punctures the sphere.  




In like a Lion


Least Boon: After 15 combat rounds, there will be a signal. You'll be cleansed of all binding or deleterious effects and rendered resistant to most harm (barring high-level greater/epic tier effects, acts of gods, depredations of the Wolf, etc) for the round. All defensive pips become attack pips until the round’s end.  


Gaining combat advantage means the timer before this effect activates discounts by an additional 1. Taking action appropriate to a Marching Orders set similarly discounts by an additional 1. You don’t have to be wearing the set, but it sure helps. You've seen: 


- [March] - Finishing a round with a combo greater than the number of plays you can make. 
- [Cadet] - Activation of Ready, Aim, Fire.  


Activates once per expedition. If you do not end the combat the round it activates, this boon goes on cooldown for 2d3 expedition cycles. This boon improves if you get further and do better before planting the flag.  




As the light fades, the wind picks up, the flag pulls upward, and you're pulled away from the Marching Orders. You can see the red ‘birds’ are actually pieces of paper, creased in the middle, winging their way across the Path.






[DOWNTIME X]






%roll 2d3
[1] [2] = 3






%roll 1d3
[1] = 1






%roll 1d3
[1] = 1






%roll 2d3
[1] [1] = 2






%roll 1d3
[1] = 1






%roll 2d3
[2] [1] = 3






%roll 2d10
[6] [6] = 12






BLACK SUITS YOU
LEAST


The rewards from spending a tier II or greater clue to gain currency are improved by 33% rounding down.
Tier one clues are unaffected.




BLACK SUITS YOU
LEAST


Gain affinity with gambling, spades, and clubs Lost. Minor but you can retry a bad result in conversation/negotiation if you spend a relevant clue. 50% chance for connectivity.




BLACK SUITS YOU
LEAST


16% chance that a use of this boon doesn't spend the clue (Tier 2-4 are downgraded), & a matching chance that other uses of relevant clues also activate the boon.




Choose One 


10.a Gold
10.b Teal
10.c Purple






%roll 5d3
[1] [2] [2] [3] [3] = 11






%roll 12d3
[1] [2] [1] [1] [3] [2] [3] [1] [2] [1] [3] [3] = 23






%roll 12d3
[1] [2] [1] [1] [1] [2] [2] [2] [3] [3] [3] [3] = 24






Chapter 10 - The Marching Orders, End


You experimented with elemental runes for the first time.  


[Earth I clue] [Water I clue]


You got in a skirmish with thieving scoundrels.


[Order I clue]


You witnessed the DWW's explosion due to instability.


[Instability I clue]


You fought some additional scoundrels.


[Order I clue]






You found your first item utilizing a combination of both the Paths and the Scrivening fields.  


[Scrivening I clue] [Paths I clue]


You encountered one of the recently Lost, a boy adventurer.  


[Hero I clue] [Map I clue]


You saw the Little Wolves hunting in packs of two, using a new tool (red paper).


[Rapacious II clue] [Rapacious I clue] [Paths I clue]


You got a new boon from dismounting at a high point of the Marching Orders.


[Paths I clue] [Paths II clue] [Paths II clue]






((Where to use writing kit?))






%roll 1d2
[1] = 1






Updated:






Chapter 10 - The Marching Orders, End


You experimented with elemental runes for the first time.  


[Earth I clue] [Water I clue]


You got in a skirmish with thieving scoundrels.


[Order I clue]


You witnessed the DWW's explosion due to instability.


[Instability I clue]


You fought some additional scoundrels.


[Order I clue]






You found your first item utilizing a combination of both the Paths and the Scrivening fields.  


[Scrivening II clue] [Scrivening I clue] [Paths I clue] [Fairy Tale I clue]


You encountered one of the recently Lost, a boy adventurer.  


[Hero I clue] [Map I clue]


You saw the Little Wolves hunting in packs of two, using a new tool (red paper).


[Rapacious II clue] [Rapacious I clue] [Paths I clue]


You got a new boon from dismounting at a high point of the Marching Orders.


[Paths I clue] [Paths II clue] [Paths II clue]






%roll 1d2 (connectivity? 2 = yes)
"(connectivity? 2 = yes)" [1] = 1






Chance will be remembered for a future time.






%roll 2d100
[97] [29] = 126






%roll 1d6
(Get the job on a 3+)






"(Get the job on a 3+)" [6] = 6






%roll 1d20
[7] = 7






%roll 1d10
[7] = 7






%roll 1d3
[2] = 2






%roll 1d2 (identify general use?  yes on 2)
"(identify general use?  yes on 2)" [1] = 1






Chapter 10 - The Marching Orders, End


On your way home from the army base the Path deposited you onto, you swing by the boarding house to pick up mail left there. You've let the post office know you moved, but some things will linger and they aren’t organized enough to always send it your way. You have earned $7.30 from book residuals. It seems your earnings from the Field Notes have tapered to almost nothing.  


Among your mail is a note from Parker. They don't have classes this week. 


You also have a message about a phone call received from the old man you asked about the job. You've got the job. While you work there, you'll earn between $1 and $3 a downtime. You'll make steady progress at the job, and when you complete it, that'll be it. Depending, you could fudge things, to have a job for longer. He’s an old man, so he might even appreciate the company. 


You make your way back to your place, mindful of Little Wolves, and hear a clattering from the garage. The Lost you've dubbed ‘Dodo Boy’ is lying on the ground, one arm and shoulder in the anklebiter trap, face toward the ground, in a pool of blood.






“Oh, you're back. Good. It’s been a trying few days. I'm very embarassed.” He's stuck in a very awkward position, one arm reaching past the trap to the floor to push against the packed dirt and alleviate downward pressure on the injury.  


“It's my fault, really,” he says, grimacing. “Il was curious. You had very interesting things, when I dropped in, before. I cannot say I am in love with this one.” 


As you and the girls approach, he says, “I brought a thing, as I'm meant to. I was unsure if this large shed building counted as your place, I thought it better if I try to throw my offering through the door, to at least keep to the spirit of things. I’m afraid I missed. It's over there.” 


It's landed in the corner of the garage.  




0
Paths Herb, Purple  
This herb has purple buds all up and down its stalks. The buds look like scrunched-up human faces. 


Consumable: You could try eating it. It's an herb, You don’t know enough about Paths Herbs to know what it is or what it might do.






%roll 5d3
[2] [1] [3] [1] [2] = 9






%roll 1d10
Right.






Chapter 10 - The Marching Orders, End


While checking what you have for extracting the boy and doing medical care, you pass through the kitchen again, and note your orange herb bud has grown. It’s too large for the pot and will die if not removed.  


“You were really very kind, leaving me candy,” the boy says. 


Sorting him out is going to take a bit. It takes up enough of your attention that you can’t really reflect on lessons learned in recent combats. 


In the end, you get him sorted, and let your boon companions do what's appropriate to settle him down - they know better than you do what an hurt Lost might want in the way of food or creature comforts. 


Settling in your office, you look over your corkboard. 




8. Finding Common Background  


For each set of 2+ clues among clues (on your corkboard) with shared color but different subjects, create a clue with a connected subject if ossible, random if not.  


Realms + Horror (green) becomes Door II 
Instability + Knot (blue) becomes Collapsing I 
Visceral + Overwrite (off-white) becomes Heart I  


[Door II clue] [Collapsing I clue] [Hearts I clue]






Chapter 10 - The Marching Orders, End 


You start work, and you're free to make plans. While you’re considering options, something itches at you. 


You don’t know enough about the local Others. You feel the urge to stick your nose where it doesn’t belong. Either to surveil an Other you don’t know yet and figure them out, or go to some situation where something Other or practice related is happening and get involved.






-# Specifically one you haven't talked with before.






You have them in the same room, so yeah, you can know.  [Manners]






((When you say harvest the latest, what do you mean?))






%roll 1d6 (Balloon Zipper breaks on a 1)
"(Balloon Zipper breaks on a 1)" [2] = 2






((Future uses will break on a 1-2.))






You can try.  If you make the attempt and it's ongoing, no prob.  If you make the attempt and it's not, then it might be a bit of a flubbed explore.






Chapter 10 - Interlude


You pick one orange herb out of the pot.  




0
Paths Herb, Orange  
It looks like it might be a flower, but the petals run all down the stalk, and it has a spicy smell. 


Consumable: You could try eating it. It's an herb, used with materials or tools.  




You move some furniture around, set up the single files, unzip the Drum and put the scarred toolbox aside.






How do you spend your downtime? 


10.i.a Explore a location known to you.  
10.i.b Shopping to go see what's available in stores (or call the Gadsens to buy a book from them)  
10.i.c Reading, reading a book to make some headway. You're best at reading Paths and Scrivening texts.  
10.i.d Surveil, stalking and watching a person, place, or thing, or spend a while observing and interacting with a thing.  
10.i.e Investigate, reading, making calls, and doing background research to tackle the mysteries and hand, for a safe but sure way to build up your knowledge about the puzzles before you.  
10.i.f Utilize Intelligence - This works differently now, and is more focused on making guesses and managing your growing collection of clues.  
10.i.g Research. You'll want to name what you're researching.  
10.i.h Ritual, performing a ritual you know.  
10.i.i Craft, make something  
10.i.j Organize, reach out to your family unit or another group you're part of. Includes meeting with your current band of allies.  
10.i.k Do two different Half Actions to fill one downtime slot:  
> Basic First Aid - Heal a heart.  
> Light Relaxation - Heal a morale  
> Light Socialization - Spend time with someone, observations & maintenance on a relationship. Or go on a date.  
> Maintenance - Clean your home/workspace, check wards and do general upkeep.  
> Countermeasures - Take efforts to obfuscate your actions & location.  
> Skim Read - Lightly peruse some material for a 1d3 reading roll.  
> Work - Earn some money (see your Assets page for how much)  
10.i.a Explore or surveil a new Other situation






((That is one option, yes))






%roll 1d100
[92] = 92






Chapter 10 - Interlude  


You prepare a Man in the Middle ritual circle. It remains ready to cast. After spending the $2.25 on components, you've got $7.05 remaining. 


Dodo Boy, Penny, and Clover spend a day off doing their own thing, exploring the city. Posie remains behind, fixing her hair and makeup, which she'll likely do until later in the evening, when she can go out without people looking at her funny. 


All in all, with minimal distractions, you make good time, and you have more of the day to yourself than you expected.






How do you spend your downtime? 


10.i.a Explore a location known to you.  
10.i.b Shopping to go see what's available in stores (or call the Gadsens to buy a book from them)  
10.i.c Reading, reading a book to make some headway. You're best at reading Paths and Scrivening texts.  
10.i.d Surveil, stalking and watching a person, place, or thing, or spend a while observing and interacting with a thing.  
10.i.e Investigate, reading, making calls, and doing background research to tackle the mysteries and hand, for a safe but sure way to build up your knowledge about the puzzles before you.  
10.i.f Utilize Intelligence - This works differently now, and is more focused on making guesses and managing your growing collection of clues.  
10.i.g Research. You'll want to name what you're researching.  
10.i.h Ritual, performing a ritual you know.  
10.i.i Craft, make something  
10.i.j Organize, reach out to your family unit or another group you're part of. Includes meeting with your current band of allies.  
10.i.k Do two different Half Actions to fill one downtime slot:  
> Basic First Aid - Heal a heart.  
> Light Relaxation - Heal a morale  
> Light Socialization - Spend time with someone, observations & maintenance on a relationship. Or go on a date.  
> Maintenance - Clean your home/workspace, check wards and do general upkeep.  
> Countermeasures - Take efforts to obfuscate your actions & location.  
> Skim Read - Lightly peruse some material for a 1d3 reading roll.  
> Work - Earn some money (see your Assets page for how much)  
10.i.a Explore or surveil a new Other situation






((I'd rather you resolve the half))






((I think that gets too overcomplicated for a light social.))






((They just have to be in your care in general.))






Chapter 10 - Interlude


Good food, meeting neighbors, and some bad children’s singing counts for a lot, giving you and Parker a chance to spend time together, while also relaxing. 


Health: UUUUUUXXX
Morale: +++++++  


Even though the event isn’t run by Scott Aldrich, he does show up, and you get your first glimpse of the man. For all that he has wreaked havoc in Joanna’s life and caused havoc, he’s a skinny man with his pants belted a little too high, a bit of a slouch, and very uninteresting clothes or haircut. Your Sight tells you he’s ordinary, no practice involved. But there are those in his orbit -at least two- who have something going on. They've picked up curious items, or traces of magic that stick to them. One man, heavyset, who seems very unassuming, and a woman, short, with light brown skin and wavy hair, who might be from India. 


That isn’t the most noteworthy thing of the day, however. As you're spending time together, a bout of surprise illness and heartburn and a craving for pickles leads to a near- simultaneous connecting of the dots for you and Parker. It may well be that the one night you spent together weeks ago has borne fruit. Leaving you and Parker to decide how to handle it. It’s certainly not the most uncommon thing to rush into marriage, especially with a potential kid on the way. 


If you see things through, it’s likely you’d want to skip the next few expeditions, eking your downtimes when you're not busy getting sorted and ready, or looking after the pregnancy. You could do some, but it probably wouldn’t go over well. And you’d want to decide how much of the practice you wish to share with Parker. A lot of decisions would have to be made.






What do you do, in regards to the potential child?  


10.a Hope it’s a child, and plan around it. Do an expedition next phase, then test the limits as much as you can with skipping expeditions, closer to the tail end of the pregnancy.  
10.b Hope it’s a child and plan around it, maintain expeditions, maybe skipping one later. Parker might not be happy.  
10.c Dismiss the possibility. It won’t come to pass.  
10.z ((Ask Wildbow for more details on how the child thing would work))






If A or B, above, what do you do with Parker?  


10.a Marriage, Parker moves in. You'll commit to clearing some space. Parker gets told about the practice.  
10.b Marriage, Parker moves in. You'll commit to clearing some space. Parker is kept in the dark, at least to some degree. You get some Innocent protection.  
10.c Marriage, but you put the house aside as a project for later.  
10.d No marriage, you keep the house, Parker keeps Parker’s accommodations, you'll figure things out as they come. There might be social implications.  
10.e-z Something else. (state it below)






Family - How it Works 


Children are effectively an extra ‘life’ for the quest. You would carry on as Sinclair, but if you perish on a Path, then your story will wrap up, things will fast forward to a point where the oldest child you’ve had (or potentially had) is of age to practice, and you can continue from there. It’s possible they inherit their parent’s debt, issues, or old enemies. But they'll also inherit books and some knowledge, including practice. 


If there's a circumstance where you don’t even know about the child (say, if you’d slept with Miette and then you died), I'd roll to see if the child happened, then carry things forward. If you're not an involved parent (and being dead, you wouldn’t be), you lose the opportunity to make decisions and shape the character or their focus. The child might or might not read the books you've collected, might or might not take on the practices, might or might not take on other opportunities to practice, and might develop with certain boons or banes depending on chance and who their parent is. 


When a child is born, they'll inherit aspects of both parents. This includes base stats. If the father has a bonus to Brawn and Guts, and the mother has a bonus to Athletics and Wits, then the child will have a very high chance to inherit either Brawn or Guts from dad and either Athletics or Wits from mom. After this point, if you are alive, and you are an involved parent, you'll periodically have a chance to make decisions that guide who they are. 


If you’re married or cohabitating, your partner will undertake downtime actions on their own. They also bring in their own income, which likely cuts your own expenses in half - with half of your property taxes and bills, and child tax benefits, you can expect $6-8 a month. That may change or even become a negative if someone becomes a full time, stay-at-home parent. Decisions along the way (essentially free social downtimes with dilemmas or questions) may shape your relationship and relationship balance. 


There is some assumption that perhaps you’d space things out a little more, and time would effectively pass faster in the background. The child would come of age after a significant few expedition-downtime cycles (probably in the neighborhood of 15), at which point you’d have two characters and could decide which to utilize on a given expedition, with the unused one focusing on something else in the meantime (such as reading, research, foraging, or work/school).






Reset the vote.






If you have specific questions after the blurb, you can ask, but some stuff will be up in the air, potentially.






((If chat doesn't want it, it probably won't come to pass.))






((it would look the same, and schedules/clocks would be the same but time would pass faster in the background.  Functionally, I do not see you guys running your 100th or 75th Path and Sinclair groaning before keeling over of old age, so the impact will be relatively little in the grand scheme of it all.))






((Not a dice roll, but some factors like banes, cards, etc. could impact it.))






Chapter 10 - Interlude 


You have long conversations with Parker, ending in you sleeping over, and lay the groundwork for a later conversation about practice and the house. You talk about marriage, and it sounds like Parker is open to it. (Organize, socialize, and some explore options will give you some options to help decide the nuances how Parker is introduced to things.) Once you've covered the basics, Parker can move in and start helping prepare.






How do you spend your downtime? 


10.i.a Explore a location known to you.  
10.i.b Shopping to go see what's available in stores (or call the Gadsens to buy a book from them)  
10.i.c Reading, reading a book to make some headway. You're best at reading Paths and Scrivening texts.  
10.i.d Surveil, stalking and watching a person, place, or thing, or spend a while observing and interacting with a thing.  
10.i.e Investigate, reading, making calls, and doing background research to tackle the mysteries and hand, for a safe but sure way to build up your knowledge about the puzzles before you.  
10.i.f Utilize Intelligence - This works differently now, and is more focused on making guesses and managing your growing collection of clues.  
10.i.g Research. You'll want to name what you're researching.  
10.i.h Ritual, performing a ritual you know.  
10.i.i Craft, make something  
10.i.j Organize, reach out to your family unit or another group you're part of. Includes meeting with your current band of allies.  
10.i.k Do two different Half Actions to fill one downtime slot:  
> Basic First Aid - Heal a heart.  
> Light Relaxation - Heal a morale  
> Light Socialization - Spend time with someone, observations & maintenance on a relationship. Or go on a date.  
> Maintenance - Clean your home/workspace, check wards and do general upkeep.  
> Countermeasures - Take efforts to obfuscate your actions & location.  
> Skim Read - Lightly peruse some material for a 1d3 reading roll.  
> Work - Earn some money (see your Assets page for how much)  
10.i.a Explore or surveil a new Other situation






Chapter 10 - Interlude


As you approach the house, you've already tried to lay some groundwork, and you have the sense that Parker doesn’t believe you, which really isn't helped by the Runaway-Surgeon combination inside of you being less than adroit, socially.  


Parker appears to be more than a little daunted by the state of the house, and its latent creepiness, and with your hints, might be wondering at your sanity. How do you break the news? 


There are no ‘wrong’ answers, and any option has its upsides and downsides, but Parker might be more conducive to some, with greater upsides and diminished downsides, depending on their personality.






A 
Lay it out there, straightforward, all business, what's going on, priorities and benefits. 


There's a chance Parker needs time to digest and take it in, but you'll be insulating against misconceptions and you'll have a fuller suite of options and more guidance over Parker at the start.  




B 
Stand back and give Parker the room to figure it out on their own.  


Parker will focus on more practical things, you can give some guidance, and you could get a fully (10% chance) or partially refunded (40%) downtime, since you're spending less time on this, but engagement with practice and your companions will be more drawn out.  




C 
Show off some practice, get Parker excited, first, then let them go.


Parker will do more from earlier on, with a burst of motivation, and there’s a 25% chance of partially refunded downtime, but a high chance of stumbling into trouble or missing little things.  




D 
Show Parker a bit of a Path.


Parker will likely hit the ground running, with motivation and sparked imagination, but there’s a chance of misconceptions and danger, and more desire from Parker to engage on their own.  




E 
Introduce your companions. 


You're giving up control, with Parker doing more stuff that's self- or companion directed, but Parker is likely to be engaged, drawn more into practice and key details, & your companions may be happier.  




F 
Talk it out, focusing on inspiring the right mindset and base of knowledge. 


Slower, possibly with more hand-holdy steps along the way, but Parker is more likely to spot things worth watching out for, and might have a faster road to picking up practice.  




G 
Ease Parker into it, answering questions and situations as they come up. 


The cautious, slow approach. Parker will likely start off slower but get up to speed soon enough. Misconceptions and danger are minimized, the next few traps Parker might stumble into are blocked.






Chapter 10 - Interlude


The children peek around the corner as you call them, then venture into the room. 


“It's a little strange that they're all so young,” Parker says. 


“A lot of Lost that you'll find with practitioners are,” Clover explains. “Or they seem that way. Adult Lost get stuck into roles and have things to do. Lost like Posie-” 


“Poseuse Narcissa Prigg,” Posie says, not taking her eyes off the mirror as she extends a hand. 


“are finding themselves, so they're... easier.” 


“Technically, Clover and I are older than humanity,” Penny says. 


“I wouldn't exactly say that,” Clover tells her.  


“I would exactly say that. And being a kid means something, and it’s more fun. Really, it's a very silly thing that humanity makes being young or old so closely tied to how long you’ve been around.” 


“I see,” Parker says. 


“Come, let us show you the house! And the Lost things we have!” Clover urges Parker. Penny follows, chattering, and Posie, posisbly out of concern they'll poke around ‘her’ room, chases. 


Leaving you with the Lost you had been calling ‘Dodo Boy’.






“I'm old too. And mostly healed. I'm thinking I might leave you be. Thank you for the hospitality.”  


A
Offer for Dodo Boy to stay, as a companion  


He'll be a companion like Posie, optional to bring on a Path. He’s stronger, with better native abilities and card he contributes to combat, but eats supply every 3 moves. He'd otherwise remain at the house. He still has room to develop. The gifts may drop in quality or be a share of what he takes off a Path.  


B
Try to coax Dodo Boy into being bound. He has, in conversation with Clover, not described himself as a strong or motivated combatant. That could change, but it’s worth keeping in mind. A bad negotiation could worsen relations.  


C
Let him go, with goodwill. 


He'll resume doing what he’s doing with positive feelings toward you.






Chapter 10 - Interlude 


He accepts your offer to stay. He seems to be a serious, hard-working lad, who is happy to be free of the trail. 


You're left to make any assignments or appointments, if you have tasks you want them to focus on... Parker is going to do their own thing for a bit, guided by the others. 


You can also ask questions or assign ‘Dodo Boy’ a name. He says he’s done long enough without one, he’s not really picky, but he’d rather it be suitably Lost.






((Organize will end soon.  You can ask a pertinent, not-too-open question & name him, on top of assignments))






Chapter 10 - Interlude 


Does he know what sort of animal he might represent, or have an animal form? 


“I think the animal I represent used to be, and isn’t anymore, and it was never around ata time that people had the words to give it a name or know what it was. Maybe it got Lost.” 


You've assigned tasks to each of the kids. It looks like Parker is intent on cleaning, so there will be space for the baby. The bare minimum seems like it will be the bedroom, bathroom, kitchen, and hallways connecting those spaces.






How do you spend your downtime? 


10.i.a Explore a location known to you.  
10.i.b Shopping to go see what's available in stores (or call the Gadsens to buy a book from them)  
10.i.c Reading, reading a book to make some headway. You're best at reading Paths and Scrivening texts.  
10.i.d Surveil, stalking and watching a person, place, or thing, or spend a while observing and interacting with a thing.  
10.i.e Investigate, reading, making calls, and doing background research to tackle the mysteries and hand, for a safe but sure way to build up your knowledge about the puzzles before you.  
10.i.f Utilize Intelligence - This works differently now, and is more focused on making guesses and managing your growing collection of clues.  
10.i.g Research. You'll want to name what you're researching.  
10.i.h Ritual, performing a ritual you know.  
10.i.i Craft, make something  
10.i.j Organize, reach out to your family unit or another group you're part of. Includes meeting with your current band of allies.  
10.i.k Do two different Half Actions to fill one downtime slot:  
> Basic First Aid - Heal a heart.  
> Light Relaxation - Heal a morale  
> Light Socialization - Spend time with someone, observations & maintenance on a relationship. Or go on a date.  
> Maintenance - Clean your home/workspace, check wards and do general upkeep.  
> Countermeasures - Take efforts to obfuscate your actions & location.  
> Skim Read - Lightly peruse some material for a 1d3 reading roll.  
> Work - Earn some money (see your Assets page for how much)  
10.i.a Explore or surveil a new Other situation






%roll 1d6+2
[4] + 2 = 6






Chapter 10 - Interlude 


Forked Tongues of Babel, 1st Unlock: 
Gain any Tier 1 Paths-related clue you choose.






Chapter 10 - Interlude


Forked Tongues of Babel, 1st Unlock: 
Gain any Tier 1 Paths-related clue you choose.  


It is curious that the Lost seem to have no tongue of their own, but instead borrow the tongue of any visitors to their Paths, or else those they keep the company of. From what we can tell, and from our conversations with certain Lost, we have come to suspect that, left alone, they speak a language that is akin to some pidgin or creole language, those languages cobbled together from those of their region to facilitate trade, or those languages that emerge when multiple groups with mutually unintelligible language meet and meld, with one key difference. There is no input language, on either side. A language of venn diagrams, to borrow from Eueler, with no circles outside the overlap: purely approximations, linguistic compromises, sockets and frames to which words can be attached, and near-universalities. They may have no idea they do this, perhaps inputting something sing-song or made up (those slithy toves), or they may borrow from visitors-to-be or regions closest to their Path. If true, no small wonder they like their riddles and wordplays, their tongue is wildly conducive to such. 


To fully understand this would be to be able to speak every language at once. Yet how can we research it, when our presence, our devices, or our practice fill in all of the blanks by being there to observe? Alas, until we can research more, we must learn the incomplete framework and apply it to a language. Faster than learning that language on its own, but so far from what we wish to grasp. 


-Forked Tongues of Babel, chapter 2 


[Queen I clue]






How do you spend your downtime?


10.i.l Explore or surveil a new Other situation (where?
10.i.z Don't






%roll 2d20
[2] [8] = 10






%roll 2d5
[2] [2] = 4






Chapter 10 - Interlude


Entering the spirit world is a relatively easy prospect for anyone who knows basic shamanism, and basic shamanism is itself a relatively easy thing for any practitioner.  


Stepping through, you enter what seems at first to be a misty version of the city. But as you walk, you see more and more signs of spiritual activity and life. 


The spirit world is different in every place. Your companion told you how, on the other side of the world, there are whole kingdoms here. This isn’t that. It’s clear the Lord has managed spirits to some degree, and there’s a filtering going on, to keep things reasonably positive and manageable. At the perimeter of the city, the negative spirits stop, while more beneficial spirits pass through. Once within the city, things are a little more mixed, mostly due to spirits mingling naturally with other forces, sentiments, and areas of practice, or mixing with one another to become something else. Overall, it's a very minor, passive effect, such as one a Demesne might achieve, but minor and spread out. The tradeoff is that at the perimeter, things are a little rougher. Manna, the foodstuff of spiritual nourishment, grows even there, with its specific subtype. 




0
Manna of the Edge 
Cloudy spiritstuff, like naan but far fluffier. This has a charcoal darkness to it and a bitterness.  


Consumable: Restore the lowest of Health, Morale, and Supply, then do it again. 


You are increasingly vulnerable to deleterious practices and banes (severity of new ones, effects) until the end of your next downtime.  




1
Dark Cloud
Too dense to be mist, too thin to be Manna. Its a bit of the spirit world you can carry and use.  


Consumable: Temporarily enter the spirit world at the cost of 1d3 supply, or remove costs from another practice that enters the spirit world. After use, travel a short distance, and spawn 1d3 negative echoes or spirits near you.






Chapter 10 - Interlude


Closer to the center of the city, you see a spiritual representation or preparation of Kane’s future project- a tall, stately building, made of thick mist. Construction has not yet started. Nearby, spirits congregate. They’re so dull and unaware that they barely react if poked, prodded, or picked up.  




0
Least Spirit, Governance  
A small, six-inch tall figure with nebulous shape, purple and gold, that tries and fails to manage the other spirits near it. 


Consumable: Change one clue relating to governance into a similar clue of the same tier, gain a +1 to a roll that has to do with leadership, or round up a crafting project that has a resource or end goal relating to governance to the next whole dollar.  




You can return to the City’s Edge (Spirit World) or The Unbuilt Tower (Spirit World) to find similar resources or encounters on future explore action.






((You can try here but all it's likely to do is agitate spirits.))






%roll 1d4
[2] = 2






%roll 4d3
[2] [1] [1] [3] = 7






Do you want the random clue or the notifications from the Home Radio?


10.a Random clue
10.b Notifications, like what the newspaper provides.






%roll 2d3
[2] [3] = 5






%roll 2d4
[4] [1] = 5






Chapter 10 - Interlude 


Under the modified light of your ribbon glass, your green herb has budded. 


You've considered your options, and branching off from what you put into effect, combat-wise, in the last expedition, you have options. You've hit a plateau in your combat training, and progress will be slower from here on out.  


[shield L] [hit L shield U] [hit RL]


The leftmost card can borrow a pip from either of the two other cards, or swap its pip with their left pip (the card left with 1 pip will gain a random one) OR 


You can pick one of the following to add to your repertoire.  




SLASH
[hit LL]


 A strict upgrade from -Slap. Pair with an element for a melee-range elemental attack that hits enemies on either side of you.




SAND


Light Earth element. Foes hit by a pip of Sand from a practice are either blinded (50%) or sanded (50%). Blinded foes can't see imminent card plays. Sanded foes suffer increased effects from skin-contact effects and elements, including other sand.




JUMBLE


Paths element, chaos. Each pip launches a weak (16%, half effectiveness), moderate (50%, unchanged), heavy (16%, doubled pip), consumable (16%, reroll, & consumable lands on the ground), or unusual (2%, ???) object. Acts as progress for Paths offense.






Regarding the final line of the Jumble card, if you were to go to learn an offensive paths practice somewhere, the more Paths elements (or forms) you know, the easier it would be to pick up (3x = one prereq skipped).  In the same way reading certain books helps with certain unlocks.  Doubly so if you already knew the element that the attack practice is utilizing.






((Note that there are not very many Paths offensive practices))






What do you pick?  


10.a The purple attack card borrows a pip from one of the other cards (which?) 
10.b The purple attack card swaps a pip with one of the other cards (which?)  
10.c Pick the -Slash attack diagram  
10.d Pick the Sand- element  
10.e Pick the Jumble- element






%roll 3d3
[3] [3] [1] = 7






%roll 3d6
[4] [5] [5] = 14






%roll 1d3
[3] = 3






%roll 1d3
[1] = 1






%roll 1d31-16
[27] - 16 = 11






%roll 1d31-16
[2] - 16 = -14






%roll 2d3
[1] [2] = 3






%roll 2d100
[16] [91] = 107






Chapter 10 - Interlude


You get some cleaning done in the master bedroom. In the course of cleaning, you find...  




0
Alcohol
A bottle of pure alcohol, used for cleaning, not drinking.


Consumable Resource: Can be used to craft some simple items, or declared when cleaning a bathroom or kitchen to guarantee a rolled 3.




1
Handbag
A handbag with a textured outside, and a stiff gold braided strap & clasp.


Equipment: Occupies any equipment slot except for the top row. Gives three inventory slots.






1
Twitching Duster
These synthetic feathers at the end of a decorated metal handle bristle as if alive. For dusting surfaces and cleaning up cobwebs.


Asset: Can be used when cleaning or given to someone when cleaning. If all rolled trash and such are events, paper, lighter objects, or horrified items, clean +1 item. Unsettling.






Parker cleans some in the master bedroom, and gets a nasty scare when a dead rat, lying on its side, starts moving in unnatural ways, crawling like a crab, using the head as one leg. Penny, helping, intervenes, and nobody is injured, but they come close, and Parker seems a bit sobered by the experience.  




0
Grungy Decorations
Stuck-on plaster, paint, and various pictures and fixtures that ended up pushed into a corner, stuck together.


Resource: Debris. Usable as material for crafting something wood, plaster, or decorative. Subtracts $0.13 from the total item value of a crafted item. Multiplies the end product’s value by 1.11x.




0
Letter Opener
As a weapon, it’s feeble.


Equipment: Weapon, a light dagger that isn’t very useful for combat. Replaces your worst and best combat cards with:


[Cut]


Left on display, it raises the profile of a room. Sold, it might fetch $1-2.




0
Bent Metal
Not entirely brass, but it has a coating giving it a similar shine. The metal won’t straighten right.


Resource: Debris. Usable as a material for crafting when making something metal, an asset, or something decorative. Adds $0.91 to the total crafting value of the item. Multiplies the end product’s value by .86.












Chapter 10 - Interlude


And Posie does some cleaning. She’s good at it, but gets distracted when she finds clothes- most of which are far too small for her, but she likes the fabric.  




1  
Girl Explorer’s Widget  
A combined pocket watch (albeit thick), compass, mirror, magnifying glass, and fint/steel.


Equipment: Helps prevent getting lost in the material world, while having a few minor functions useful when camping or investigating natural phenomena. Lost can use it to better understand the world as they explore & interact with it. 




Stuck in the Floorboards 


Youre digging through the piles of trash when you see some floorboards, warped, with gaps between them. Something -or someone- is beneath them, and seems scared. Reaching up and out with jagged, mangled hands covered in splinters, impaled with slivers of wood and nails, they beg for help getting out. They cant push through with the seal in place. 


A) Say yes, accept it will hurt to grab those hands, and that you'll be in close and vulnerable proximity to a horror. 


B) Sacrifice clothing item or rope. There's a chance (~25%) this won't work, that it will tear, or the horror won't be able to hold on with those hands.  


C) Say no. Let the horror recede. There's a chance it gets added to a random pile, more desperate (33%) or angrier (33%), a chance it doesn't recur.  




Posie chooses C.






Chapter 10 - Interlude


With one pile in the mastrer bedroom cleared, you've uncovered space for assets and...  




2  
Stained Accent Chair  
As much for decoration as long-term use, the light green upholstery looks nice but is mildly stained. 


Asset: Raises the profile of a room by a little (reduced because staining). Reroll a rolled 1 when undertaking an activity in the room.






-# Once per downtime






[5] = 5






%roll 2d3
[2] [3] = 5






%roll 1d7
[5] = 5






Chapter 10 - Interlude


You wrap up your business. You finish scribbling down your notes on how Paths clusters and trash might be weaponized as an element, sort yourself out- you've mended, at least: 


Health: UUUUUUUXX 
Morale: +++++++  


And you listen to people chat over talk radio as you finish cleaning and prepare for your next expedition.


[Teal II clue]


The pregnancy isn't far along, so you're clear to get an expedition underway. You might do another later, but at that point, there’s some mild risk (including risk of distressing Parker).  


You should decideif you're going, and if you are, where you're going, what you're bringing, and who is coming with - it could include Posie or the boy you're now calling Boy Gone.






Go on an expedition? 


10.a Yes, to the Forest Ribbon Trail  
10.b Yes, to the Pound  
10.c Yes, to the Marching Orders  
10.d Yes, to the Bed and the Breakfast  
10.e Yes, to the unnamed Path  
10.* Yes, to somewhere else  
10.z No, skip it, focus on things here.






If yes, what do you equip?
10.* ?






If yes, what do you bring in your inventory?
10.* ?






If yes, who do you bring?  


10.a Bring Posie 
10.b Bring Boy Gone  
10.c Bring both Posie and Boy Gone  
10.z Go with just your boon companions






There is no strict requirement, but the less you skip, the more distressed Parker may be, and it may affect the health of the child.






It should be 3.5-4 downtime-expedition cycles






Errata: You don't have the bonus green herb bud.






Health: UUUUUUUUX
Morale +++++++






((A house cleaner costs $1-2, depending on how you go about hiring them, but would be surface-level, reducing a bunch of piles of a few cards/bit of mess each.  You could also hire a crew to clear a space and junk everything, but you wouldn't get the items sorted - they'd just be tossed.  Innocence protects them - if they draw something weird they redraw, but if the redraw is also weird, it'll leave them unsettled))






%roll 1d16
[9] = 9






[Blaze Grid: clue types are Queen and Rapacious]






Patterns x Capabilities 


After you asked about the meeting months ago, Lynch mentioned that Blaze stole something from Kane as she made her exit, and according to Clover, she would have pickpocketed you. It’s likely she’s a kleptomaniac, and very possible she could even tie practices or Little Wolf powers and tricks to the act of stealing, to do more while she steals or empower the stealing. It's likely that if she gets close, she will take some of your most valuable things- even equipment.






[MARCHING ORDERS, 3RD VISIT]






[MO map]






Chapter 11 - The Marching Orders III  


You find yourself before the gates of the Marching Orders once again, left to choose the order for the bricks.  


[bricks]






How do you place the bricks?
10.* ?






Will add.






((Amethyst Die, Sealed Invite, Balloon Zipper, and Cauldron Candy don't have attributions.  Others have been added))






Chapter 11 - The Marching Orders III  


[brick L with torn bits extending it?]






Chapter 11 - The Marching Orders III


You slot the bricks into place, including the luck-infused brick for the first space you intend to enter.  


It seems today’s parade has a lot of animals in it, and people wearing and exchanging masks. The crowd is the largest you’ve seen in all of your time on the Marching Orders, and very coordinated, with cadets taking off masks, throwing them into the air, with others catching them. Uniforms have inside layers and outside ones, and while hidden from view, cadets switch one for the other. The crowd cheers wildly. 


The gates seem to have opened just in time for the parade to start passing through. The baton tossing cadet in the lead removes her mask, and you feel as though she’s going to throw it to you, but she instead passes you a flag. 


“I can say with confidence that this is very different from my time on the Marching Orders,” Boy Gone says.






[MO map]






How do you place the bricks?


11.a Go left, to the cafe.
11.b Go right, to the other side of the street, where citizens are gathered.






%roll 1d3
[2] = 2






%roll 2d28
[16] [23] = 39






Chapter 11 - The Marching Orders III  


As your vision clears, you see the parade has shifted. There's a distinct fish theme, and the parade-goers have long scarves and silks tied to their weapons, batons, and the parade floats they're pushing, with dancing movements, skipping, both feet off the ground as they turn in the air, cloths billowing around them. The goal of the dances and cloth seems to be masking their movements. Black cadet uniforms and shoes help the effect, against black cobblestones.






[MO map]






How do you place the bricks?


11.a Go left, to the cafe.
11.b Go right, to the other side of the street, where citizens are gathered.






Chapter 11 - The Marching Orders III - Black Diamond Cafe


Well, this must be fun for you, Penny.  


“It is fun, it's a parade,” Penny says. Her hands go to her hood. “Is it not fun for you? Do I understand humans less than I thought? If they aren’t for fun, then what are parades for? Aaauagh.” She pulls the hood down over her eyes. 


“Because it’s fishy,” Clover says. 


“I know,” Penny says, still holding onto the edges of her hood, peering past her arms. “I’m doing a bit.” 


“It's really hard to tell sometimes.” 


“That's what makes it a bit. It’s like you put out a hook with a worm, you feel a fish on the other end. Was it a bite? Not quite, it was a bit. Now your heart is racing.” 


“Was it a heart-racing bit?” Bo Gone asks. “My seriousness meter is broken, I think.” 


“Who knows? Depends on how much you guys care about the sanity of the fish in your company. Anyway, bits are one of a fish's few joys. Tease the fishermen a few times before you get a hook yanked up through the roof of your mouth.” 


By the way, any observations about our shoes? 


“Legs and feet are weird?” 


“Sinclair is making you the magic item identification fish again,” Clover says.  


“Is there a book I’m supposed to read or something? Did I do something wrong? Is this a bit? Because if it is, that's in weird taste after the hook-in-the-roof-of-the mouth comment.” 


“Are there any secrets or anything?” Clover pushes. 


“I don't know! Do you know? No. Look, you've got... one less strap than the last time you wore those. Those are six-strap sandals. Talk to me when you've got it up to, I dunno, nine straps. I don’t think it goes higher. I'm not the uncovering secrets animal. If you want that, you want an investigatey animal. Like an owl. Or a fancy things animal, like the songbird. I'm a what-do-you-do-with-the-secret-once-you've-got-it animal. The long-term animal.”






%roll 10d2
[1] [1] [1] [2] [2] [2] [2] [1] [2] [2] = 16






Chapter 11 - The Marching Orders III - Black Diamond Cafe  


You enter the cafe, and it’s busy enough there’s barely room to sit. It’s a classy place that has decorated a fair amount. Dolls who have dressed up in parade wear are rushing here and there, nearly tripping on the flowing drapery.  


“New customers, please come to the counter! There are no tables! It’s a crazy day, we’re giving away a lot. You can eat one at the counter, you can take a to-go bag with the rest!” 


“We're doing so much better than our competitor,” an employee remarks. 


“We're having a food lotto, special promotion,” the one in charge tells you. “Pick a menu at random...” 


You make your pick. 


“Depending on what you get, you get certain items free. With current crowding, you can take one now, the rest to go.”






Black Diamond Tea Shop  




Applejack - 20 coins 
A gala apple grown organically from the best of seed money, with steadily rising stalk as the project came to fruition. The core is steel, to better receive teeth of an equally hard material. 


Knocked Stuffing - 22 coins
We knocked the stuffing out of a cooked dollbeast and serve it hot between two planks of wood. 


Steak Medallions - 26 coins
Three steak medallions, cooked to first, second, and third place standards of quality.  


Slim Pickings - FREE
All the little pleasures of a fine meal, served standalone. Bits of meat left on a chicken carcass, sauce and bits of vegetable left on a plate, comes with brownie crumbs and cookie batter left in a bowl.  


Extra Cheese - FREE
Because guests asked for it so often, extra cheese, dish it's served with being random.  


Red Herring Special - FREE
Allay your suspicions, this is safe to eat. First have some salad greens and oranges, then a fine complimentary drink. Then, unrelated to any of that, come to this tea shop for this fine dish!  


Iron Bars - FREE
These dessert bars are very high in iron.  




Teas 


A Pert Tea Leaf - 22 coins
A tea leaf from bone apple tea, grown in Nomad’s land, Royal Sovereign Tea


Royal Sovereign Tea - FREE
Our top tea, for kings and queens.  


Naught Tea - FREE
Our bottom tea, for those in hot water, and those who want or ought to be hard done by.








Which of the free items do you want first? 


11.a Slim Pickings  
11.b Extra Cheese  
11.c Red Herring Special 
11.d Iron Bars  
11.e Royal Sovereign Tea 
11.f Naught Tea






%roll 1d2
[1] = 1






Nope






Chapter 11 - The Marching Orders III - Black Diamond Cafe


You get a look at the food items as they’re brought to the counter. The Royal Sovereign Tea is set before you in a steaming mug. The staff boxes up the remainder.  




2  
Royal Sovereign Tea  
Everything about this tea screams class and ostentatious elegance. Even the tea bag looks gilded. 


Consumable: Regain 1d3 morale. A boon you have will be elevated until you finish the Path. Enemies on the Path get stronger. 50% chance of expiring when you leave the tea shop. 50% chance of expiring when you leave the Path.






3  
Extra Cheese  
The popular extra cheese of the black diamond cafe, served with chilled seaweed salad. As you eat more, more collects in the bowl.


Consumable: Gain 1U and 1#, then add more enemies to each encounter on this/your next Path, and flip two coins- each ‘heads’ preserves half the meal. Repeat the each time you eat some. Packaged to last one node Expires when you leave the Path.  




0
Red Herring Special
A suspect meal for those who can spy quality. Allay your suspicions, the allegations about this ‘special’ meal are the product of overzealous investigators. 


Consumable: Gain 1U and 1#. You may later be falsely accused, poisoned, bleed, set on fire, gain a new bane, suffer long-term stat penalty, or be banished from this Path in perpetuity. Packaged to last 1 node. 50% chance of expiring when you leave the Path.  




1
Naught Tea
For those in hot water. Steams impressively, and stains the cup, suitable for sitting in a dark corner and looking impressive. 


Consumable: Lose 1d3 # and gain 1+. You can pick a scoundrel type, out of killers, dodgers, thieves, deceivers, and saboteurs. That type is easier to deal with until the end of your next Path. Packaged to last one node. 50% chance to expire when you leave the Path.




1
Slim Pickings
It’s a collection of all of the traces of a meal so tasty that one wishes to lick the plate, or run a finger along the batter in the bowl.  


Consumable: Gain of out of the following: 1U, 1+, or 1#, whichever are currently highest, then lose 2d6 pounds. Packaged to last 1 node. 50% chance of expiring when you leave the Path.  




1
Iron Bars
There are meals fortified with iron and minerals, to the point they have a funny taste. This is 99% that, 1% actual food.  


Consumable: Gain 1# and cleanse an ongoing effect. One of your attack cards has its offensive pips turned into defensive pips. Packaged to last 1 node. 50% chance of expiring when you leave the Path.  




“These are packaged to last you into the next neighborhood over. Eat one, then use the box to keep the rest warm, they'll last another short while, repeat. You should be good to go until you reach the intersections.”






Drink now?


11.a Yes
11.b No






Chapter 11 - The Marching Orders III - Black Diamond Cafe  


As you drink, you're able to observe the room. There are four groups sitting next to you. 


A group of elderly are discussing the Path.  


Some cadets are taking a break while explaining things to a local. 


An old man is loudly complaining. 


And a group of elite cadets with blue ribbons are getting underfoot.






Who do you listen to?  


11.a The elderly 
11.b The cadets 
11.c The grumpy old man  
11.d The blue ribbon crew






Chapter 11 - The Marching Orders III - Black Diamond Cafe  


“Nothing in the right place!” the old man complains. His relatives have to drag him back to his seat to keep him from bothering other patrons. “They've got six of the connections right, but they screwed it all up!” 


“Just watch the nice parade, granddad. We got a good window seat.”






You could linger, despite how busy it is, or stay and listen more...  


11.a Linger, and listen to the elderly. You lose 1 supply, and time moves forward.  
11.b Linger, and listen to the cadets. You lose 1 supply, and time moves forward.  
11.c Linger, and watch the blue ribbon group. You lose 1 supply, and time moves forward.  
11.z Leave






The conversation continues in the background. Meanwhile, the old people are saying, “The shop ████████████████████████████████████████ has outfits for the Parade. March, Cadet, and Baton outfits, when you go in they’ll append a quest to each. Served my needs perfectly, getting the little ones ready. They looked so fine.”


“The shop with the ████████████████████████████████████████ will give you coin to take something.”


“But it’s all cursed!”


“I didn’t mind, it helped me save for my trip to the Party Down.”


“I was very pleased with the shop with the ████████████████████,” another old man says. “Coin for packages of three things at a time. A touch expensive.”






Chapter 11 - The Marching Orders III - Black Diamond Cafe  


“This sure beats foraging for food by the side of the Trail,” Boy Gone comments.  


“That's the ginger lime water for cleaning your hands,” Penny notes, peering closer at the basket. “And the day old biscuits you're meant to soak in the tea” 


“My statement remains true, I am not gainsaid.” 


“Be careful if we go back to Earth anytime soon,” Clover says. “Lime juice on skin with sun will burn you. Lost are vulnerable to tricky little Earth things like that.” 


Boy Gone seems confused, then startles. “I can go out into the sun. I spent so long on the trail, my instincts..."  


“You went to the river with us!” Clover exclaims, loud enough some heads turn in the tea shop. 


“He stayed to the shadow. I thought it was a lingering effect,” Penny notes. “I mean, I thought he was a goof, but you saw us.” 


“It seemed to me there must be some prerequisite. I didn’t want to be a bother by asking. Is there a rule, then? Or an oddity?” 


“We're going to end up needing to write a book, if we keep getting new Lost who need a lot of explanations. We'll end up spending more time being companions and guides to the Lost than to Sinclair,” Clover says. 


“No major rules,” Penny says, “Or oddities. You could say Earth is queer like that.” 


“Except stay away from Mr. Schuler at 613 Hillside. A bunch of kids go there because he has a basket of toys he'll loan out, but there’s something Wolf about him. He finds excuses to get mad at this or that being broken or stolen and pull kids over his knee for a spanking. Then he drags them by the arm or the ear to their parents and most of the time the parents take his side, because he’s an adult. And watch for the big dog at 255 Oakway.” 


“It only doesn’t like you because you're a rabbit.”






You could linger, despite how busy it is, or stay and listen more...  


11.a Linger, and listen to the cadets. You lose 1 supply, and time moves forward.  
110.b Linger, and watch the blue ribbon group. You lose 1 supply, and time moves forward.  
11.z Leave






2x






[MO map]






Where to? What do?  


11.a Go on to the end of the store district.  
11.y Stay where you're at. 
11.z Leave
11.* Something else / Strike up conversation






-# The Tea takes effect
-# You don't know the boon.
Health: UUUUUUXX
Morale: +++++++
Supply: ########OOI






“The storage room is overflowing. How did this happen?”  


“The storage room is overflowing. How did this happen?”  


“The boss hired Narmy Blarmfoot, and she ordered enough uniforms for ten Marching Orders, the silly nit.” 


“What do we do? It feels like such a shame to throw it all away.” 


“You!” one of the employees says, as they notice you. They ask you, “March, Cadet, or Baton?” 


“And what costume piece?” another asks. (What slot?)  


“Why even hire Narmy at this point?” Clover mutters. 


“I've heard dark stories of Narmy Blarmfoot,” Boy Gone murmurs back. “Even in a place as far and locked away as the side of the Forest Ribbon Trail. Best not to press for answers.”  


“No joke?” Clover asks, as Penny asks, “Not a bit?” 


“Not a joke, not a bit.”






What set? And what slot?
11.* ?






Chapter 11 - The Marching Orders III - Three Shops, South End


They toss you a hat, then toss a few items to people in the crowd who request them.




2
Marching Shako  
A Marching Band cap, flat at the top, with a socket for a feather and a brim.  


Equip: Defensive equipment, top right slot. Your combat advantage can default to the lower of combo and March items equipped. Grants:  


[Flourish]  




Once they’ve thrown ten or so items, they cram what remains into the storage area beneath the store and slam the door shut, three Lost pushing it closed with their body weight, then locking it. It doesn’t seem as though they could have fit that many in before.






[MO map]






Moving on? 


11.a Go on to the shop entrances  
11.x Remain where you are.  
11.y Go back to the cafe.  
11.z Go back to the entrance.






Chapter 11 - The Marching Orders III - Three Shops, South End


As you approach the shop entrances, you see that someone has gilded the shop exterior, and mounted a statue on the roof of one of the shops. It doesn’t look like a very good fit.  


Reassure the girls that we're trying to fight the urge to push them too hard or treat them as tools, and that we value them just the way they are. We don't intend to sacrifice them; we had delayed returning out of fear we might be forced to, and were seeking peace-of-mind. 


“We know,” Clover says. “We do?” 


Penny asks.  


“We do. Because we, the same way the book you were reading talked about Lost language, we... were empty sockets, waiting for something to be put inside. You were put inside, and we got filled up with you. To know you and what you need. But that was the one time. As you change, that might get harder. It’s a little harder while you have the Surgeon in you, I think. It would be good to get rid of that.” 


“Which shop are we picking?” Boy Gone asks.






Which shop? 


11.a Copper counters, silver exterior, gold trim  
11.b Silver counters, gold exterior, copper trim  
11.c Gold counters, copper exterior, silver trim.  
11.z Don't go into a shop.






%roll 3l12
[4] (9) (6) = 4






%roll 3l12
(11) [7] [7] = 7






%roll 3l12
[3] (6) (6) = 3






%roll 3d19
[9] [15] [8] = 32






%roll 3d10
[9] [2] [5] = 16






Chapter 11 - The Marching Orders III - Three Shops, Curse Shop


You enter the shop and confirm it’s the cursed one.  




4 - 12 coins
Victim’s Shirt 
The shirt of a murder victim, an act that has yet to come to pass. The openings in the weave seem invitingly made for a knife.  


Equipment: Center slot. On acquisition, gain a bane, ‘Murder Me’, lost only with a quest. Gain [Victim x2] max U reserved for non-murder purposes only, and gain:  


[Ides of March]  




7 - 49 coins
Black Duster  
A long coat, in the style of cowboys, an eerie and oppressive black. Literal dust stirs around the wearer when the wind blows it.  


Equipment: Rightmost middle slot. Items and consumables you gain are doubled [Dust x 25%] or increased in value [Dust x 25%]. Damage you take is taken as deep wounds, deep wounds are permanent reductions in max hp. [Dust x 5%] chance set equips itself before an expedition. Grants: [Desperado], [Itchy Trigger]  




3 - 9 coins
Crow’s Foot  
These shoes are styled like a crows talons, black and gnarled. They separate your toes uncomfortably. 


Equipment: On acquisition, gain a bane, ‘Flock of Crows’. Lost with a quest that invohes defeating crows. Feathers are much more common as consumables, based on [Crows], replacing certain other consumables, and are often dark colors. Grants: 
[Murder of Crow's]  




The coin amounts listed are the coins you’d gain taking the item. The vendor warns you that it's best not to fight the item or be too clever, and to engage with it on its own terms. The black duster may recur if discarded, for example, and may disintegrate the ends of your fingers if you try to remove it after it's equipped itself. Stronger items have more wherewithal.






Purchase?


11.a Gain 12 random coins for taking the Victim's Shirt  
11.b Gain 49 random coins for taking the Black Duster  
11.c Gain 9 coins for taking the Crow's Foot  
11.z Decide it’s better to be safe, and exit the shop.






((It does, should've put that))






[MO map]






((Eating food is free.  Rituals for rune creation take supply.  I ~may~ end up making rituals take more than the 1 supply, since it really is meant to be downtime action))






Health: UUUUUUUUU
Morale: +++++++
Supply: ######XXXI






Chapter 11 - The Marching Orders III - Three Shops, Curse Shop  


Ask Boy Gone if he has any insights on the Forest Ribbon Trail - perhaps ways of navigating to side-paths? 


“The side path isn’t for humans. There are some ways that aren't the main thoroughfare, but they aren't for me to speak of.”






[MO map]






Moving on? 


11.a Go on to the west of the observatory.  
11.b Remain where you are.  
11.x-y Go back to somewhere you've been before.  
11.z Go back to the entrance & leave.






Chapter 11 - The Marching Orders III - Three Shops, North End


A group of cadets that are clearly meant to be using the parade as an opportunity to recruit are instead window shopping. When you pass by, they take the opportunity. Their focus is not on you, but on your companions.  


“Can't accept the rabbit, she has greater obligations than the war.” 


“Can't accept the fish, she's got places to be.”  


“The boy, though, the boy,” one cadet says, holding up a cadet jacket against Boy Gone’s front. 


“I have outstanding commitments,” Boy Gone tells them. 


“Quite right, but just so we can look busy, sit still and fill this out? Maybe you'll learn something valuable,” one cadet says, bringing out measuring tape and what looks like a thermometer with a bead of red light at the end. “Stop moving your arm.” 


“How am I meant to sit still and fill this out?” 


“Let me,” Clover says. 


“You seem suited to be a scout, forager, or nerd working back at the base, probably with the supply line. Which would you prefer?” 


“Whatever's useful. All of those sound good. What's useful?” Boy Gone asks.






What’s useful? 


11.a Scout  
11.b Forager  
11.c Supply Bookkeeping  
11.* Say something else/reject those notions.






Chapter 11 - The Marching Orders III - Three Shops, North End


“Then, if that’s acceptable to you, my friend, to help you on your road... I have to go run this by our captain.”  


“I like dealing in the odds and ends of Pathstuff,” Boy Gone says. “I’d wonder if what I gave you was useful. Sometimes it would end up in the house.” 


The cadet returns before you're finished walking to the observatory, and hands you a card. “It may not be exactly right for him, but if you give it to him before he comes into his own, it can help guide him.”  




1
Seven of Forests  
Card: A swaddled child in a basket has been left alone on the floor of a woodland, surrounded by an assortment of minor gifts. 


Consumable: Used on the Paths, function unknown. There's a variety of cards out there, with an underlying logic, and apparently you can collect hands of cards to great effect. Good luck!  




“Or you can use it!” another cadet says. “But if you do end up getting the supplymaster role sorted out, and this mortal does what mortals always end up doing, then think of us when thinking of your next step.” 


“Okay,” Boy Gone tells them. “Thank you.”






Others that you summon and have as companions may gain new abilities or advance, with some hitting key points where they, and you, can choose a direction. Young and inexperienced Lost have more room to develop and give more choices in this regard, and Lost that like you more will give you more choices, instead of going in their own directions. 


The cadets here showed you three likely possibilities, given who Boy Gone is. A woodland scout, focused on observation and light ranged offense, a resource gatherer, or someone focused on supply during expeditions and downtime activities. Devoting clues of the right types (including heavily investing clues of one type to run against the grain, even) helps direct this, as does giving items (such as the above card) or equipment (as you have done with Links)






[MO map]






]
Moving on?


11.a Continue on to the west of the observatory.  
11.v Remain where you are.  
11.w-y Go back to somewhere you've been before.  
11.z Go back to the entrance & leave.






%roll 6d126
[75] [113] [84] [65] [49] [65] = 451






%roll 3d22
[3] [5] [7] = 15






Chapter 11 - The Marching Orders III - Observatory West


Ask Boy Gone what he thinks of the 11 of Evers as a potential card to guide his development, drawing attention to the beasts featured  


“I’m not sure that would have the effect you’re imagining, Sinclair,” Boy Gone says. “I think it's more likely I'd become a train conductor than a beast.”  


“You'd use that to help with getting to Paths, maybe?” Clover guesses. 


“Hmm, yeah.” 


“Would that be so bad?” Penny asks.  


“No, I suppose not, I've been doing a lot of back and forth, from Earth to Path, to get things to keep to the terms of the deal, but I think I would still have a lot to learn.” 


As you approach the observatory, you see that the parade is very active, and they're doing a fine job of walking around the cliffs edge. Eager to get things done before the parade, it looks like workers have recently finished and put the spit polish on telescopes, railings to keep the parade from going over the edge, and a series of pavillions around the parade route. At this one, they are handing out bags of goods. 


“Your group can take one bag,” 


[3] [Impossibility] [Tragedy]  
[Rules] [5] [Children]  
[Saviors] [Prizes] [7]  


Boy Gone bends down to rummage in the gap beneath the stand.






What do you want? 


11.a The bag marked ‘3’ 
11.b The bag marked ‘Impossibility’  
11.c The bag marked ‘Tragedy’  
11.d The bag marked ‘Rules’ 
11.e The bag marked ‘5’  
11.f The bag marked ‘Children’ 
11.g The bag marked ‘Saviors’  
11.h The bag marked ‘Prizes’ 
11.i The bag marked ‘7’






%roll 3d22
[8] [10] [11] = 29






%roll 6d126
[37] [11] [8] [38] [115] [105] = 314






[8] [Adventures] [Cards] 
[Journeys] [10] [Plays]
[Compasses] [Clubs] [Jack]






[MO map]






%roll 1d3
[3] = 3






%roll 3d28
[9] [2] [2] = 13






%roll 3d10
[10] [5] [5] = 20






%roll 1d24
[6] = 6






[MO map]






Confirm the Ivory for an Eye preview?


11.a Yes
11.b No






Might as well grab a bag before you take action. 


11.a The bag marked ‘8’  
11.b The bag marked ‘Adventures’ 
11.c The bag marked ‘Cards’ 
11.d The bag marked ‘Journeys’  
11.e The bag marked ‘10' 
11.f The bag marked ‘Plays’  
11.f The bag marked ‘Compasses’ 
11.g The bag marked ‘Clubs’ 
11.h The bag marked ‘Jack’






[MO map]






And do what?


11.a Continue to the observatory itself.  
11.v Remain where you are, and watch. (still takes supply)  
11.v-x Go back to somewhere you've been before.  
11.z Go to where the bugges (?) are.






((It's a type of scoundrel))






[MO map]






Health: UUUUUUUUX
Morale: ++++++X
Supply: #XXXXXXXXI






Go first or second?


11.a First
11.b Second






((You'll be flanked to start))






((What row are you summoning Links in?))






[combat with Hollow and Kill bugges]






[hand: Rabbit Assist, Uppercut, Wide Kick [dus-boosted], Four Kicks, Expound, Plant Feet [dus-boosted], Hardwood]






[combat]




[unnamed hollow bugge card] 


Put two random pieces of (or equivalent natural ability) target foe's equipment on cooldown, then do the same for one piece of another individual's (even if that must be you)






Bugge card reads: Put two random pieces of target foe's equipment on cooldown.  Then do the same for one piece of another individual's (even if that must be you) -- overlapping text reads 'or equivalent natural ability - foes without equipment lose some capability.






((Remind me of the stun text?))






((No stun, that's a research upgrade now))






[links' hand: [shield L], [shield RL], [hit UU], [hit UR], [hit D]]


%roll 6d16
[16] [13] [12] [7] [3] [2] = 53






[combat]




[unnamed KILL bugge card]
[shield RL]


And your defensive pips, if unused, deal damage after opposing cards resolve, lasts for the remainder of combat.




[unnamed KILL bugge card]
[hit U]


And your offensive pips shuffle after opposing cards are decided. Lasts for the remainder of combat.






[hand: Uppercut, Wide Kick, Four Kicks, Expound, Plant Feet [dus-boosted], Hardwood]






Links has two pieces of equipment put on cooldown






You have...






%roll 1d9
[9] = 9






No effect.






Rabbit hits, dealing 1, but does not stun.






((It very much depends on the target.  Some Bugges and the occasional Lost might have an effect on 'death', which would make it less likely.  Others with a tendency to stick around are more likely to have a 'downed' phase where the binding can gain a lot of ground/auto-complete.))






Chapter 11 - The Marching Orders III - Observatory West  


[Instability I clue]


Spend a clue to ascertain if the KILL bugge is likely to do something which complicates binding when it hits 0 HP?  


There’s a link between instability and the randomness you've seen in some Bugges, the Dogwood Witch included. This Bugge hasn't evidenced that. So it’s probably not on a fast road to disintegrating or detonating like she did. It may well have gone the other direction, which would be some set (stabilizing) rule or dynamic... of which, something happening when it dies could be one.  This might not have been the best clue for the question, ,as you're ruling out one ruleset, rather than addressing them all.






Chapter 11 - The Marching Orders III - Bugge Fight  


[Scrivening I clue]


Narrow it down further  


Bugges come in a variety of subtypes, with the common bugge being a fleeting existence that may last only a few seconds. As they consolidate, they build up rules around themselves for structure, or incorporate ideas that become a combination of both identity and the tools they use to interact with the world. What you're dealing with here appears to be a Bugge that incorporated rules and ideas from another realm with its own rulesets and ideas - most likely the Abyss, or something close to it, and the Abyss ties a great deal into murder, death, fear, violence, and darkness, with some very tenacious, recurring Others. On the upside, if you expound it, and it goes away, it may go away for a long while - possibly recurring on adjacent Paths or future Path visits, as Bogeymen do. On the downside, it’s likely to be very dangerous and very hard to keep down.






((After the roll, yes))






%roll 1d4
[4] = 4






%roll 1d4
[4] = 4






[combat]




ABSENCE 
[evade UL]


Evade once at random, & once in a chosen direction. Then drop one chosen card from card pool.




DRAIN
[hit L, star L]


Has 1 random attack pip. Gain health equal to the damage dealt.
*: Steal an attribute unless blocked by an irregular pip. Then try to consolidate.






((Damage from KILL's card pending Expound results))






[links' hand: [shield L], [shield RL], [hit D]]






https://discord.com/channels/564116117610823682/1219534511860224021/1289625537987346543






[combat]




[unnamed KILL bugge card]
[hit RL]


And cards with offensive pips have an additional offensive pip. Lasts for the remainder of combat.




[unnamed KILL bugge card]
[hit UL, shield R]


And cards with defensive pips have an added offensive pip. Lasts for the remainder of combat.






[hand: Uppercut, Wide Kick [dus-boosted], Plant Feet [dus-boosted], Hardwood, Three kicks]




THREE KICKS
[hit URL]


Put Two Kicks into your hand. Does not count as a card for purposes of cards drawn.






%roll 1d4
[1] = 1






%roll 4d4
[4] [2] [2] [4] = 12






[combat]




DRAIN
[star R]


Has 1 random attack pip. Gain health equal to the damage dealt.
*: Steal an attribute unless blocked by a regular pip. Then try to consolidate.




CONSOLIDATE
[none]






Links blocks the offensive part of drain, but is drained of an attribute.






Chapter 11 - The Marching Orders III - Bugge Fight  


Links staggers a bit, as something abstract is pulled out of him. He looks over his shoulder, bewildered, at you, and you can see he’s visibly shedding fur, losing whiskers. The narrow slit of one of his cat’s irises widens, and becomes a more nebulous shape. 


“You could invite me to a normal fight one of these days,” he says. 


He is visibly weakened, and you can see the open gap in the Bugge’s head widening, forming teeth. 


“Seriously,” Links mutters.






%roll 1d3 (Expound: Scramble, Cost, or Move)
"(Expound: Scramble, Cost, or Move)" [3] = 3






((You can add one of the other two at random if you want, at a cost of 1 power))






Chapter 11 - The Marching Orders III - Bugge Fight  


The Bugge with the holes in it vanishes, and there’s an audible crash in the distance.






%roll 2d4
[1] [4] = 5






[combat]




[unnamed KILL bugge card]
[hit UL]


And cards with offensive pips deal damage to all other individuals in combat simultaneously.






KILL's KILL card (upward pip) resolves, isn't blocked.






%roll 1d100 (84-100 = evade)
"(84-100 = evade)" [82] = 82






Health: UUUUUUUXX
Morale: ++++++X
Supply: #XXXXXXXXXI






KILL's Kill card (sideways pips) resolves, neither is blocked.






%roll 2d100 (84-100 = evade)
"(84-100 = evade)" [73] [89] = 162






Health: UUUUUUXXX
Morale: ++++++X
Supply: #XXXXXXXXXI






Your wide kick resolves, isn't blocked.  3 damage dealt.






Chapter 11 - The Marching Orders III - Bugge Fight  


It's represented by and made of violence - that’s part of the rule that binds it, you realize. Your own violence against it seems to feed it at the same time it harms it, and that resolves by fracturing it.






[combat: two new rows have appeared]






KILL3's KILL (two sideways pips, one shield) resolves, unblocked.






%roll 2d100 (84-100 = evaded)
"(84-100 = evaded)" [32] [5] = 37






You take 2-1 damage. (Trousers)
You've also healed 2 from regeneration (Vest), so HP total is net +1.






Health: UUUUUUUXX
Morale: ++++++X
Supply: #XXXXXXXXXI






Your cards don't use up the shield, so you take a further +1






Plant feet does 1 and initiates regeneration (2 rounds), and you heal 1 at round end.
KILL's KILLBLADE deals 1 to you and is blocked once, and deals 1 to Links.
You finish the round with 1 regen pending.






KILL dealt 7 damage total.
You dealt 8.  You have advantage.






March Flair has 2 combo, can deal 1 damage or heal 1 (+1 from surgeon).






Health: UUUUUUUUU
Morale: ++++++X
Supply: #XXXXXXXXXI






%roll 3h100 (Simple Binding)
"(Simple Binding)" (6) [91] (49) = 91






[combat: KILL bugge has played RECONSOLIDATE in its fourth/last slot this round]






%roll 3d11
[hand: Uppercut, Hardwood, [shield URDL], [shield DL], Axe Coin, Flourish, Boy Gone Assist, Three Kicks]




FLOURISH


Gain 3 combat advantage.




BOY GONE ASSIST
[hit L shield R]


Discard this and another card to draw a card.


Attack does not trigger reactive abilities or powers. You may also use a consumable.






((Make your play))






((Shako sets a floor))






%roll 3d4
[4] [2] [1] = 7






%roll 5d4
[1] [3] [4] [2] [2] = 12






%roll 2d5
[5] [3] = 8






%roll 5d4
[2] [2] [1] [3] [1] = 9






[combat]




[unnamed KILL bugge card] 
[hit UR shield RL] 


And cards with defensive pips have an additional defensive pip. Lasts for the remainder of combat. 




[unnamed KILL bugge card] 
[hit UL shield RRDD] 


And your defensive pips are doubled & randomly placed, after everything else is determined.




[unnamed KILL bugge card] 
[hit URL] 


And cards with offensive pips have an additional offensive pip. Lasts for the remainder of combat. 




[unnamed KILL bugge card] 
[hit UURD shield R] 


And cards with offensive pips have an additional defensive pip. Lasts for the remainder of combat.






Chapter 11 - The Marching Orders III - Bugge Fight  


From what you can observe, all split versions have the capabilities the predecessor had built up, but are now forming their own branches. They're likely to consolidate and join all effects together when reconsolidated.






%roll 1d8
[2] = 2






[hand: Uppercut, Hardwood, [shield URDL], [shield DL], Axe Coin, Three Kicks]






%roll 5d4 (Shuffling pips, [Top, top] [bottom bottom bottom])
"(Shuffling pips, [Top, top] [bottom bottom bottom])" [3] [2] [2] [1] [1] = 9






[combat]






%roll 4d100 (84-100 = evade)
"(84-100 = evade)" [60] [28] [97] [84] = 269






Health: UUUUUUUXX
Morale: ++++++X
Supply: #XXXXXXXXXI






[combat]




[unnamed KILL bugge card] 
[hit DL] 


And cards with offensive pips exhaust one card from the enemy card pool on hit. Lasts for the remainder of combat. 




[unnamed KILL bugge card] 
[hit DL] 


And cards with offensive pips also deal morale damage on hit. Lasts for the remainder of combat.






Top left card reads 'and cards with offensive pips exhaust one card from the enemy card pool on hit.  Lasts for the remainder of combat.'
2nd card from KILL1 reads 'and cards with offensive pips also deal morale damage on hit.  Lasts for the remainder of combat.'






Top left card is fully blocked.






%roll 5d4
[2] [1] [2] [4] [2] = 11






%roll 6d4
[1] [4] [1] [1] [2] [1] = 10






%roll 6d4
[2] [1] [1] [1] [4] [1] = 10






Shuffling offensive pips before resolving cards...






%roll 6d4
[4] [4] [4] [2] [4] [2] = 20






Boardstate before card resolution, including card plays from middle & play from bottom...






[combat]




[unnamed KILL bugge card] 
[hit UL shield UUU] 


And cards have 'when this resolves, roll 1d6; if you roll beneath the # of unbroken defensive pips, heal 1/2 missing HP or cleanse 1. Lasts for the remainder of combat. 




[unnamed KILL bugge card] 
[hit UR evade UURD] 


And your defensive pips are treated as evades when advantageous. Lasts for the remainder of combat. 




[unnamed KILL bugge card] 
[hit URRR shield R] 


And cards with offensive pips have heal 1U a pip when dealing damage. Lasts for the remainder of combat. 




[combat]






Question, before I resolve: what's the lowest health you're willing to go to, before you use the crimson escape rope?






((It was finished off after you played Flourish, nothing to extend))






%roll 4d100 (84-100 = evaded)
"(84-100 = evaded)" [62] [56] [27] [70] = 215






3 damage taken (1 shield should've been down)






Health: UUUUXXXXX
Morale: ++++++X
Supply: #XXXXXXXXXI






[hand: Uppercut, [shield DL], Axe Coin, Three Kicks]






[combat]






((They're on the same team anyway, no difference))






%roll 3d10
[1] [4] [1] = 6






[hand: Axe Coin, Haymaker, Axe Coin]






Health: UUUXXXXXX
Morale: +++++XX
Supply: #XXXXXXXXXI






%roll 3d10
[9] [5] [1] = 15






[combat: [shield DL], Wide Right, Axe Coin]






Health: UUXXXXXX
Morale: ++++XXX
Supply: #XXXXXXXXXI






[DOWNTIME XI]






%roll 1d126
[78] = 78






%roll 1d20
[20] = 20






%roll 1d8
[4] = 4






%roll 2d3
[3] [1] = 4






%roll 4d20
[20] [15] [10] [17] = 62






((Another 20?))






%roll 1d7
[1] = 1






%roll 1d3
[3] = 3






Chapter 11 - The Marching Orders III - Exit 


You pull the Crimson Rope, and you’re pulled away from the Path, with effects surrounding the rope and you that are very similar to the whirling blender of narrow, angular limbs and symbols turned into blades, that are surrounding you and moving with increasing intensity.  


When you arrive back in the Empty House, you do so with some of the ambient blood mist and smoke. It splatters on the floor. 


In the quiet, as you catch your balance and find your peace, Boy Gone hands you an item. “From beneath the stand. Keeping my deal.” You also have the items from the bag of Jacks.” 


“Ooh, a button,” Clover observes. “And a fine one at that.”  




4
Button of the Treasure  
This gilded button sports an anvil, sword, and a collection of gold, goblet, gauntlet, and more. 


Consumable: Affixed to a non-trinket, non-weapon piece of Path equipment, raises value by 1 and its power level, commensurately. Depending on what it is equipped to, slightly raises the quantity (top, left slot) and/or quality (bottom, right slot) of items found in the latter half of a Path. 75% chance of breaking if removed from a piece of gear. Items may only have one button.






You open the bag marked ‘Jacks’. 


“Holy carp on a candlestick!” Penny exclaims, peering over your shoulder. “Stamp!”  




5  
Blue Jack’s Stamp  
A very fine piece of artwork on a Lost postage stamp. The art, depicting a dashing young prince in blue on a hillside, moves slightly.  


Consumable: Can be spent as you enter a new Path. Vastly increases the connectivity of the Path, with multiple routes forking out from it. Get a diminishing effect with subsequent visits to that same Path.  




3
Jackanape Figurine  
A small figurine of a roguish prince with limbs on string, wrapped so he clings to a pocket chain. Has a way of hanging off said pocket as if it were climbing out.  


Trinket: Equipped in any slot. When you complete a fight, there's a 16% chance to create an adjacent node. If there’s a locked or secret way to another Path nearby, it may be unlocked or revealed, respectively, instead.  




1
Girl’s Admirations  
Papers and sketches of the various young beaus, princes, and scoundrels, clearly collected by an admiring Lost girl. 


Papers: Can spend at any time for 1-2 clues, some Path related. If used on something in relation to the title image & description, gives a hint as well.  




2  
Orange Battery  
A container that glows from within as if a candle were set inside, but it’s so tightly sealed you can't properly access the light or heat.  


Consumable: Gain one unit of power for practice and rituals, or to lower a cooldown for a tapped item or piece of equipment. Goes on cooldown for 3 expeditions; if it comes off cooldown, breaks, unless you've accessed a new Path in that period of time.






%roll 2d100
[22] [94] = 116






%roll 5d3
[1] [1] [1] [2] [1] = 6






%roll 1d5 (Signet blocking CD)
"(Signet blocking CD)" [3] = 3






%roll 2d13
[3] [13] = 16






%roll 1d100 (81-90 = ???, 91-100 = ????)
"(81-90 = ???, 91-100 = ????)" [66] = 66






Chapter 11 - The Marching Orders III - Exit 


You've earned $6.14 from your books. It doesn’t appear your herbs have grown; they may be adjusting to the new environment.  


You sort out yourself and your gear. It appears the signet has kept the marble candle from regaining its energies. You didn’t finish a fight, but you definitely got more of a workout than most would. 


You may choose to steal a pip from one of the cards to the right (they will gain another random attack or defense pip) to give to the leftmost card, or gain a random pip on the leftmost card.  


[shield L] - [hit RL] [shield DL]


You have gained no boon experience.






%roll 4d2 (1 = expire)
"(1 = expire)" [2] [1] [2] [1] = 6






You retain the Slim Pickings.






%roll 1d2
[1] = 1






(Snap, crack.  Dead lies the llama.))






%roll 1d8 (1-4 = NESW offense.  5-8 = NESW defense)
"(1-4 = NESW offense.  5-8 = NESW defense)" [7] = 7






[shield DL]






((From now on, the choices will be slightly different, with a shot at adding a pip or a choice of rearrangements, that don't add pips))






Chapter 11 - The Marching Orders III - Exit 


You begin to recuperate and heal, and while you do, Penny, Clover, Boy Gone and Posie are active, doing their thing. 


Parker waited for Penny to be available for counsel and guidance, and while you rest, clears a pile in the master bedroom. Posie clears a pile in the girl’s bedroom. 


 With the back of the room cleared, Parker has had one nasty scare when they encounted an echo. Besides that, some items of note are...  




0
Separation Papers  
Papers Miette told you about, that detail some of the situation surrounding the parting of the Hairston couple.  


Light Read (3 pips): Possibly worth a mundane clue, or some further ideas on what happened to the family.  




2
Linda’s Derringer  
A pistol of the smallest sort, capable of being carried concealed. Found among the wife's things.  


Equipment: Weapon. Can be used at range, easy to draw. Has two shots, with one ammo loaded. Not accurate; requires a die roll to hit a distant target. Grants: [Fire] [Fire] [Fire]  




2
Painkillers  
Medium strength painkillers, not prescription, but from what you heard around the cannery, that may be changing. Very strong. 


Consumable: Heals you for 1d6 and clears pain cards in your hand and pool. Your awareness of your own health is reduced to knowing if it’s above or below 50% until the end of this/the next expedition. Put a Drowsy card in your deck.






Posie found:  




2  
Chemistry Set  
She wanted to be like daddy, perhaps. This child’s playset has some surprisingly dangerous and poisonous chemicals. 


Resource: Useful for chemistry and alchemy. Has 3 charges, granting $0.10 value and a 1.15 multiplier, $0.15 value and a 1.3 multiplier, and $0.50 value and a 1x multiplier, respectively.  




2
Whimper Doll  
A child's doll. Something horrorfying has happened to it. It whimpers and twitches, and if left in the light, crawls toward dark with agonizing slowness. 


Trinket: Equipped in any slot. Costs you one morale at the start and end of any expedition. 16% chance any incoming curses or morale gains are absorbed by the doll. After three absorptions, evolves.  




1
Whispering Earring  
Probably a precious thing for the child that owned it. It whispers to you when you hold it, without making a sound. It's hard to imagine wearing it at your ear.  


Equipment: Worn in any top slot. You don’t know enough about the Horror field to know what this does. It might even be cursed.






Chapter 11 - The Marching Orders III - Exit  


In the bedroom, having cleared a pile, you have uncovered the desk the papers were on. It functions like your old desk in the boarding house. One pile remains; once cleared, you should have full use of the bed. If Parker happens to stay over (the move-in isn’t 100% finalized), that’s positive. 


Posie has uncovered room for an asset.






%roll 2d4
[2] [2] = 4






%roll 5d3
[1] [1] [3] [2] [3] = 10






Actually, hm, maybe another way to do this is...






Chapter 11 - The Marching Orders III - Exit 


You've seen some high parade movements at the Marching Orders.  


You've created Bugges by a repeated use of Ivory for an Eye and its preview effect, utilizing it several times before and during combat. 


You've seen a Lost drained of a vital attribute, and the effects of that. 


You've seen three types of Bugge, including an excessively violent one that is tapping into another field. 


You've gained enough experience in fights to be an intermediate fighter.






Where would you like to use the writing kit? 


11.a You've seen the parade in greater numbers at the Marching Orders  
11.b You've created Bugges by a repeated use of Ivory for an Eye.  
11.c You've seen a Lost drained of a vital attribute, and the effects of that.  
11.d You've seen three types of Bugge (up close), including an excessively violent one.  
11.e You've gained enough experience to be an intermediate melee combatant.






%roll 10d3
[1] [3] [2] [1] [2] [1] [2] [2] [2] [1] = 17






%roll 10d3
[2] [3] [2] [1] [1] [2] [3] [2] [3] [1] = 20






%roll 1d3
[3] = 3






%roll 1d2
[1] = 1








Chapter 11 - The Marching Orders III - Exit


You've seen some high parade movements at the Marching Orders.  


[Spubs I clue]


You've created Bugges by a repeated use of Ivory for an Eye and its preview effect, utilizing it several times before and during combat.  


[Scrivening II clue]


You've seen a Lost drained of a vital attribute, and the effects of that. 


[Empty II clue] [Empty I clue] [Empty I clue] [Dust I clue] [Scrivening I clue]


You've seen three types of Bugge, including an excessively violent one that is tapping into another field.  


[Violence I clue] [Scrivening I clue]


You've gained enough experience in fights to be an intermediate fighter.  


[Red I clue] [Conflict I clue] [Purple I clue]






%roll 1d10
[5] = 5






%roll 1d4
[3] = 3






%roll 1d4
[2] = 2






5. Jump to Conclusions 


For any one set of clues that match in type but count upward from tier 1, (ex. 4 Stone I, Stone II, or Wand I, Wand II, Wand III...), add a clue of a higher tier to finish that sequence. If you do not have other clues of that tier, the clue is temporary.  


Your highest chain is tier 1. One is randomly chosen. You gain a (non-temporary):  


[Knots II clue]






%roll 1d3
[1] = 1






Interlude 11 - Downtime 


The Surgeon would like to read or research something dark.






How do you spend your downtime? 


10.i.a Explore a location known to you.  
10.i.b Shopping to go see what's available in stores (or call the Gadsens to buy a book from them)  
10.i.c Reading, reading a book to make some headway. You're best at reading Paths and Scrivening texts.  
10.i.d Surveil, stalking and watching a person, place, or thing, or spend a while observing and interacting with a thing.  
10.i.e Investigate, reading, making calls, and doing background research to tackle the mysteries and hand, for a safe but sure way to build up your knowledge about the puzzles before you.  
10.i.f Utilize Intelligence - This works differently now, and is more focused on making guesses and managing your growing collection of clues.  
10.i.g Research. You'll want to name what you're researching.  
10.i.h Ritual, performing a ritual you know.  
10.i.i Craft, make something  
10.i.j Organize, reach out to your family unit or another group you're part of. Includes meeting with your current band of allies.  
10.i.k Do two different Half Actions to fill one downtime slot:  
> Basic First Aid - Heal a heart.  
> Light Relaxation - Heal a morale  
> Light Socialization - Spend time with someone, observations & maintenance on a relationship. Or go on a date.  
> Maintenance - Clean your home/workspace, check wards and do general upkeep.  
> Countermeasures - Take efforts to obfuscate your actions & location.  
> Skim Read - Lightly peruse some material for a 1d3 reading roll.  
> Work - Earn some money (see your Assets page for how much)  
10.i.l Read or research something dark.






Do we need to take an Action to get married?
That might be an interesting case to give the 'plan' downtime action a space.  For now, don't worry about it.


Can we confirm what the difference is between a Full Read and a Skim Read in terms of our current bonuses?
Half = 1d3 + bonuses
Full = 1d6+ bonuses or one chapter, whichever is more.


Can we perform a full-action Maintenance, as opposed to a half-action? What would the difference be?
You can.
Half = 1d3 + bonuses 
Full = 1d6 + bonuses or 5 items, whichever is more.


Does hiring cleaners require an action, or is it just part of Maintenance?
It can be a part of maintenance.


 Can we assume that Researching Attribution to find a way to help Links would involve summoning him for testing, or does that need to be a separate action?
You can assume.  Downtime actions tend to encompass the required actions to take them, unless it's something like "I want to buy a book and read", where you're going out into the world and there's layered dynamics or stuff there.






Interlude 11 - Downtime 


Spend an Empty I clue to gauge how bad Links being drained of an attribute is? And how urgently we need to address it, if we need to address it? 


[Empty I clue]


You saw the state of Links after - not everything catlike was stripped away in full, there was still some fur there, after, he still had the cat ears. There is still a lot unknown about just what Lost are and how they come to be, but with what you know of other practices and magic items, there’s a tendency for there to be a structure and ability to fill something with power. Links’ structure is still loosely there, just... emptied. 


Contextually, you saw two different Bugges of the same type spawn far apart with no clear link between them, so these ‘empty’ Bugges must be somewhat common; your Old Friend likely would have warned you or wouldn't have encouraged you to go to the Paths if a common end result could do permanent damage. Death and the murder of Lost along the way is oddly more fine than the permanent draining of an aspect, given what you've heard from your companions. 


Those two things put together, you can be confident he'll replenish it with eating, absorption of ambient elements, and a bit of time, with issues only if something gets in the way. A good thing that he’s already planning to take time to rest up.






Interlude 11 - Downtime


You sit down to craft the second research note. You know you'll need: 
> Total die rolls equalling 20 
> Two different tier 1 clues 
> A tier 1 categorical clue (Realms, Lore, etc.) 
> A tier 2 Paths clue 
> A thesis: How you’d, together with Cross-Ivoried, write the other, lesser practice that would be a suitable prequisite for Ivory for an Eye.  


The total die rolls for craftingr rolls is reduced by up to 15 by having more appropriate clues (Up to 3 per clue, Paths clue is always 3) and a strong thesis (up to 6). Knowing the Lore practices you do gives you a +1 to the total result.






Checklist Deduction Out of Possible
Initial Amount 20
Thesis ? 6
Clue 1 ? 3
Clue 2 ? 3
Categorical [] ? 3
Paths Clue ? 3
Total ? 15(Max)
Roll ?+1
Work Remaining 19






((Note that since you used Lore last time, it isn't usable here.))






Interlude 11 - Downtime 


As a practice, this is something of a hop and a skip to the conclusion you want. The added options and strain are already part of the other practice and add too much clutter to a least practice when you're already getting some choices, and deciding the theming of a Path involves forces well beyond you. Further, the more you push this research, the more the clue you call ‘door’ seems to involve some element you don’t know or aren't accounting for, here, that doesn’t point toward the more advanced practice either. 


Checklist Deduction Out of Possible
Initial Amount 20
Thesis 4 6
Clue 1 ['Puzzle'] 3 3
Clue 2 ['Door'] 0 3
Categorical [Realms] 3 3
Paths Clue 3 3
Total 13 15(Max)
Roll ?+1
Work Remaining 5






%roll 1d6
[4] = 4






Checklist Deduction Out of Possible
Initial Amount 20
Thesis 4 6
Clue 1 ['Puzzle'] 3 3
Clue 2 ['Door'] 0 3
Categorical [Realms] 3 3
Paths Clue 3 3
Total 13 15(Max)
Roll 4+1
Work Remaining 2






[bullet nums]






((Because you're a Lore/Deals pract. and it was a Lore category practice.  You designed this one as realms.))






%roll 1d3+1 (Reading FToB)
"(Reading FToB)" [3] + 1 = 4






%roll 1d3+1 (Craft Parallel Dreaming Research Notes)
"(Craft Parallel Dreaming Research Notes)" [1] + 1 = 2






[FTOB: 10 pips]






Interlude 11 - Downtime


Forked Tongues of Babel, 2nd Unlock: 
Gain any Tier 2 Paths-related clue you choose.  


Depending on the form and nature of a binding, a Lost may lose its natural facility with tongues and be bound to one. This is more common with extreme bindings, which are in turn more common with the most extreme and dangerous Others. We have not found, even with extensive searching, any other reason a Lost would be bound to a single human tongue. This has far-ranging implications. In those rarest of occasions where we encounter a Lost on the Paths who will not speak the language we speak, read, and write in, and is limited to only Spanish, or only Arabic, or only one of the languages of the orient, then are we to assume they were, once upon a time, bound for the danger they pose? 


Thus far, as we add to our lists of the limited number of Others who meet the criteria and are not known to be bound by a family, we have struggled to find one that is not dangerous, or at the very least, could not easily be imagined to be so. 


It should be noted that Lost who are bound in word or tongue do disproportionately poorly, and may be prone to depressive streaks. A thing to be kept in mind, perhaps, for the utility it may provide in diminishing the strongest and most problematic Others of the Paths. 


- Forked Tongues of Babel, Chapter 4  


[Hearts II clue]






Interlude 11 - Downtime 


You've finished your write-up of the practice idea and can send it off to Gadsen.






How do you spend your downtime? 


10.i.a Explore a location known to you.  
10.i.b Shopping to go see what's available in stores (or call the Gadsens to buy a book from them)  
10.i.c Reading, reading a book to make some headway. You're best at reading Paths and Scrivening texts.  
10.i.d Surveil, stalking and watching a person, place, or thing, or spend a while observing and interacting with a thing.  
10.i.e Investigate, reading, making calls, and doing background research to tackle the mysteries and hand, for a safe but sure way to build up your knowledge about the puzzles before you.  
10.i.f Utilize Intelligence - This works differently now, and is more focused on making guesses and managing your growing collection of clues.  
10.i.g Research. You'll want to name what you're researching.  
10.i.h Ritual, performing a ritual you know.  
10.i.i Craft, make something  
10.i.j Organize, reach out to your family unit or another group you're part of. Includes meeting with your current band of allies.  
10.i.k Do two different Half Actions to fill one downtime slot:  
> Basic First Aid - Heal a heart.  
> Light Relaxation - Heal a morale  
> Light Socialization - Spend time with someone, observations & maintenance on a relationship. Or go on a date.  
> Maintenance - Clean your home/workspace, check wards and do general upkeep.  
> Countermeasures - Take efforts to obfuscate your actions & location.  
> Skim Read - Lightly peruse some material for a 1d3 reading roll.  
> Work - Earn some money (see your Assets page for how much)  
10.i.l Read or research something dark.






((I updated that page, and have put it on my checklist of things to update when you finish an expedition))






%roll 1d3
[2] = 2






$2.






Which?


11.i.k Do two different Half Actions to fill one downtime slot: 
> Basic First Aid - Heal a heart. 
> Light Relaxation - Heal a morale 
> Light Socialization - Spend time with someone, observations & maintenance on a relationship. Or go on a date.  
> Maintenance - Clean your home/workspace, check wards and do general upkeep.  
> Countermeasures - Take efforts to obfuscate your actions & location.  
> Skim Read - Lightly peruse some material for a 1d3 reading roll.  
> Work - Earn some money (see your Assets page for how much)






Who doyou hire?  


11.i.a 
A neighbor's daughter is looking to clean for some extra money so she can buy a dress, and she has time. She'll clean 2d6 items from a pile for a dollar, or 4d6 items for two dollars, simple and easy. From what a neighbor who hired her says, she won't actively steal, but if she finds something nice, she might not announce it. 


11.i.b 
The cannery is striking and some people there wouldn't mind help making ends meet. To those ends, they'll take $1.50 to clear 2d6 items or six items, whichever is more, but they aren't going to be fussed about what's there; everything gets thrown out. You can hire up to four at a time.  


11.i.c
Someone you came across at the church social knows of a woman, an ex-slave, who worked as a maid for room and board, then was unceremoniously put out onto the street after someone in authority raised an eyebrow at the arrangement. She'll clear 3d6 items for two dollars or 6d6 for four. Her references are poor.  


11.i.d 
Three different women from the church will clean for a dollar fifty. They know their way around a scrub brush, allegedly, but it's hard to get a reference to character or quality of work because it’s such a closely knit group, nobody would say anything bad even if there was anything bad to say.






[house map with important piles highlighted]






((They aren't going to toss major assets.))






((Let's keep this simple, since it's already a lot of moving parts.))






Upstairs hallway, first maintenance worker:






%roll 2d6 (Or 6, whichever is higher)
"(Or 6, whichever is higher)" [5] [6] = 11






%roll 2d3
[1] [2] = 3






%roll 3d6
[2] [4] [4] = 10






((The second maintenance worker doesn't have anything to do, where do you direct him?))






%roll 2d6
[2] [5] = 7






%roll 3d6
[2] [1] [3] = 6






Interlude 11 - Downtime


The first cannery worker clears the upstairs hallway and the downstairs back hallway/pantry area, uncovering:  




4
Deacon’s Bench 
A bench with a raised back that extends to the floor, so the bench itself can contain things within. A chest you're meant to sit on, essentially. 


Asset: Can store things within, with a latch to protect them. Reduces the chance items stored within are taken in the event of home robbery. It's quite nicely made, adding value to the room.  




Together, they polish off the front hall closet as well, dumping the clothes. If there was something at the bottom of the pile in the pantry or in the hallway closet, it was small enough to be included in the trash.






%roll 3d8
[1] [3] [6] = 10






The washroom is cleared, and you have found the following, with the bathtub fully cleared:  




2  
Medical Tin, Large  
Simple bandages and antiseptic for an emergency situation, in individual compartments. 


Use: Has three charges. Heals 1U, sometimes 2U, and rarely 3U on use. After a charge is spent, the compartment can store one medical item (syringe, bandage, etc.) or drug, to take up only one inventory siot.  




3
Badly Stained, Crusted, Cracked Tub  
The chemicals, plaster, and crusted on filth within this tub sat for long enough it wil be hell to clean. 


Fixed Asset: Needs attention before it will be useful. When fixed, adjusts how you recover after expeditions. It’s in such bad condition, any consumables or tools used on it have a 50% chance to work.  




1
Anti-Cold Medicine  
Chock full of amphetamines, so that even a groggy sod with a cold can get up and go. 


Consumable: Provides 3+ and 3# , clearing drowsiness, hangovers, and mild illness. Used outside of expeditions, provides another downtime slot. Your medical skill tells you this is addictive, with a cost after.  




1  
Foaming Cleanser  
A ‘gentle foaming cleaner’ for the removal of crusted on dirt and fith. Soak and leave on.  


Use: Cleans some items that are especially grungy, crusted on, or appended with similar adjectives. Would harm the skin to leave on living things. Might be anathema to goblins.  




1
Bleach  
A powerful cleaner in a jug, with warnings about fumes. Appended with a rare warning label. 


Consumable: Cleans items that are stained or off-white. May be useful in some alchemy. Can be used when cleaning a bathroom or kitchen  




1
Tourniquet  
Army surplus tourniquet. A band of fabric with a wooden peg to cinch it tight. 


Tool: Stop bleeding, progression of poison through the body, and other progressing symptoms - likely good for a spreading bugge infection or something else, according to the surgeon.






%roll 1d6
[1] = 1






Interlude 11 - Downtime


While cleaning, you're bitten by a spider. It latches on with surprising strength and then, all at once, breaks down into a large amount of greasy black woman’s hair. In the process of extricating the spider, you end up pulling a fair amount of black, greasy hair out of your vein, extending up to the shoulder, with a not-insignificant amount of blood lost in the process. It seems the venom became hair at the same time the spider did. 


Health: UXXXXXxXXX






Continue Cleaning?


11.i.a Yes
11.i.b No






%roll 1d6+1 (1-3 = Heal 1 // 4-5 = Heal 2 // 6+ = Heal 3)
"(1-3 = Heal 1 // 4-5 = Heal 2 // 6+ = Heal 3)" [2] + 1 = 3






%roll 1d6+1 (1-3 = Heal 1 // 4-5 = Heal 2 // 6+ = Heal 3)
"(1-3 = Heal 1 // 4-5 = Heal 2 // 6+ = Heal 3)" [2] + 1 = 3






Interlude 11 - Downtime


You're cleaning when you see an echo in the window. It exists as reflection only and is on its way to dissipating. It seems scared, and is clearly searching for an object or vessel to inhabit. 


Provide the echo a place to stay?


11.i.a Yes (And what item?) 
11.i.b No






%roll 1d3
[2] = 2






%roll 1d6 (echo)
"(echo)" [2] = 2






%roll 1d3
[1] = 1






Interlude 11 - Downtime


The echo doesn't find the knife to be a suitable vessel, because it’s not, well, a vessel. It dissipates, and when it does, it leaves everyone in the house feeling uneasy and unhappy for a while, you included. 


Health: UUXXXXXXX 
Morale: +++XXXX  


You aren't finished with the final bedroom pile, but you find the following:  




1  
Powdered Makeup 


Matches the tone of light skin. For lightening skin and covering bruises, in a clamshell container. 


Use: Might have some minor uses, could be traded. if emptied, forms a tidy little container for something like glamour.  




2
Lamp Oil
 A small bottle of lamp oil for the lamps on the bedside table, and the lamp on the table on the patio out back, presumably.  


Use: It's $2 of oil. Probably not enough to weaponize or start a fire, could be a resource.  




1
‘Occupied Landscape’, Painting.
 A picture of a meadowland, vith a figure standing within. At different times, the figure appears at different locations.  


Asset: A painting, might have some application; you don't know enough about Horror practices.  
        


That's the last of the cleaning for now.






((It is, and ))






Oh, I'm dumb.  I put the icon up there but got it wrong in text.






How do you spend your downtime?  


11.i.a Read something dark.
11.i.b Investigate something dark.






Interlude 11 - Downtime 


You begin your investigation. You have four strikes to spare: 


What will you investigate and look into?  
11.i.* ?






((You can pick something specific))






[poppy clue grid]






%roll 1d6 (Patterns x Capabilities, 2+)
"(Patterns x Capabilities, 2+)" [2] = 2






Patterns x Capabilities


Poppy's facility in moving across the Paths means she arrives earlier than most or all of the others when pursuing prey. If she arrives in a group, she shares this early arrival.






%roll 1d6+1 (History x Capabilities, 3+)
"(History x Capabilities, 3+)" [2] + 1 = 3






Capabilities Cleared


For $2.50 and with a ritual downtime, you can prepare runework in anticpiation of Poppy's capabilities. It can do one of the following:
-Alter the Path entry ritual with a teacup on a string and some diagram work; weather will confound parasol movements (d3 roll: scrambling landing point, extending cooldown, or nothing) and prevent her exiting the Path. Useless if she doesn't show.
-Prevent her arrival. If she would have shown up, she doesn't and you have one less Little Wolf to deal with.
-Do diagram work on yourself, and block the first three parasol effects (knocking away or crippling) you'd be hit with.




History x Capabilities


Insofar as any Little Wolf gets boons from the Wolf in the Forest Ribbon Trail, Poppy picked some equivalent to the woven object. Whatever happened, she acquired a powerful personal boon (bane?) tool that doubles as a means of mobility and a weapon. It has two modes, attacks with it open send her target flying. With it closed, if the theme of mobility and movement hold, it cripples movement and stamina.






%roll 1d6 (Movements x Relationships, 2+)
%roll 1d6 (Movements x Relationships, 2+)
"(Movements x Relationships, 2+)" [1] = 1






%roll 1d6 (Movement x Relationships, 2+, reroll)
"(Movement x Relationships, 2+, reroll)" [2] = 2






Movement x Relationships
You have to see Poppy in the company of another Little Wolf to verify your instincts here. Once you've done so, you can look into this again.






%roll 1d6 (Movement x Secrets (4+))
"(Movement x Secrets (4+))" [4] = 4






Movements x Secrets


You've heard some reports of Poppy attacks and sightings on the Paths. Poppy's approach (and her fast arrivals) suggests she doesn’t start out on Earth, find a target, and then do the diagram to enter the Path that target is on, but instead spends her time on the Paths and navigates straight over by known routes. She knows her way around, probably with a ‘home base’ on the Paths that isn’t the Red Room. It’s likely she only turns up there when occasions call, for meetings or whatever else.






%roll 1d6 (Movements x Details, 3+)
"(Movements x Details, 3+)" [1] = 1






%roll 1d6 (Movements x Details, 3+, reroll)
"(Movements x Details, 3+, reroll)" [6] = 6






Movements x Details 


Poppy's aesthetic ties into a ‘tea party’ and, to a lesser degree, weather theming, suggesting that if she spends any time somewhere [including reasons she might go back to the red room, or places on the Paths she might spend time], they’ll relate to these things. Consumables she carries might be selected from similar theming, given she'll get consumables appropriate to where she spends time.






((The movements row bonus is withheld until you can work out the Movements x Relationships section))






((I'd rather keep it to this one))






%roll 1d6 (Details x Patterns, 4+)
"(Details x Patterns, 4+)" [3] = 3






%roll 1d6 (Details x Patterns, 4+, again)
"(Details x Patterns, 4+, again)" [2] = 2






%roll 1d2 (Clue type; FallIRibbon)
"(Clue type; FallIRibbon)" [1] = 1






[Falling I clue]






%roll 1d6 (Details x Patterns, 4+)
"(Details x Patterns, 4+)" [3] = 3






Oh






I guess.






Patterns x Details


As you dig for information about the patterns of Little Wolves to try to find the details that might lead you to more information on Poppy, specifically, you find that Little Wolves in general can call on the Wolf to finish off their foes. Poppy is relatively unique in not liking to do this, preferring instead to set them up for the Path to finish off.






%roll 1d6 (Secrets x History, 4+)
"(Secrets x History, 4+)" [2] = 2






Interlude 11 - Downtime 


As you wrap up your phone calls and making notes, the housekeeper comes to get her money. She’s an old woman, but steely. 


“I don't know much about these things,” she tells you. “But there’s something troubling about this place. I've known worse people and been in worse houses, but they were a different kind of worse. It’s in the bones of this house. I don't mean to overstep, but whatever you know about it, you should know that there are people who deal in these things because they must, because for some of the weak, the helpless, the unarmed, it’s a way of finding power in the margins of this world. For others, it’s a means of securing the power they have, often by taking it from others. I don’t know if you intend to fix this or ask questions, but if you do, be careful about where you place your trust.” 


With her gone and the house back to ‘normal’, with only the kids and Parker around, you’re free to clean up in the more private spaces where there might be trouble. In the process, a grouping of boards moves like jaws, and you get nails embedded in your wrist. 


With elements of horrified things removed, even the minor things in trash, like the boards with fingerprint-like whorls in the wood, the house loses some of its horrorfied nature, and audibly creaks and shifts, settling. As it does, however, there’s a parting of planks and floorboards. 


An eye peers through. It appears to be Linda. She doesn’t seem to be up to speaking, but she blinks firmly at the sound of your voice.






What do you say, do, or ask for?
11.i.* ?






%roll 3d3
[1] [1] [1] = 3






%roll 1d3
[1] = 1






%roll 1d2
[1] = 1






%roll 1d126
[51] = 51






Interlude 11 - Downtime


Greet Linda and explain a blink system. “I'm sorry this happened to you, I hoped that the people who came after me would be able to help you. Is your pain better?”  


Linda blinks once. The boards come back together and contact cuts off. 


In the course of cleaning up, you find:  




0
Candles  
Stout candles, easily lit and set down. 


Use: Used in the field, provides light that might extinguish when moving. Otherwise, deduct 25 cents from material costs for a ritual. May have other uses.






You also do some light reading, but find you have less time than you anticipated, so progress is slow. 


It dawned on me then, that this bounty of prizes might consist entirely of things taken as my own things were taken, put here and then put before this great and terrible auction puzzle, and that the boons were likely the same, borrowed from others. Even if I were to win the terrible auction game of theirs, and come out with more than I entered with, would I be doing so at the detriment of my own peers? Would there be a way to know if they even still lived? I do not have the wherewithal to investigate, or maintain some collection of information of those out there, and coming to check and see the updated stocks, as others who maintain such collections of data do, it bears the cost of repeatedly seeing things I value be added to this same collection. I can only discourage others from this Path. 


A final parting thought, before it escapes my mind (perhaps it shall be put up for auction as well!), is that Woodward's thoughts on the functional elements of these Paths might bear fruit, if not every item here belongs to visitors to the Queen’s Ransom, but instead found their way here by processes we do not yet know. Messenger? Do the items ‘walk’ as lost implements do? Is this a trashbin? A repository for things that might hold value, before they find their way to some deeper landfill? Or is that a weary man’s rationale, to attempt to justify the next bid? 


- Hexham E. Lawson on the Queen’s Ransom  


[Birdcage I clue]






With the radio, do you listen for a clue, or for newsworthy items?  


11.i.a Clue(s)
11.i.b News






((Not in this case, as it's not morale damage for them.))






((They do, and the other draws were events & harm))






%roll 1d3
[3] = 3






%roll 1d7
[7] = 7






%roll 1d5
[1] = 1






%roll 2d7
[5] [1] = 6






Interlude 11 - Downtime


3
Twisting Telephone  
This telephone, with a stout body in classy black, has a tendency for the receiver to come off the hook and to rotate in its placement on whatever surface it sits on, until it unplugs itself. 


Use: You don’t know enough about Horror practices to know what this is for.  




The bedroom pile is almost clear. The others have been busy, and Boy Gone has cranked the machine, Penny is looking after Parker, and Clover is keeping an eye out for trouble, while you’ve taken your own measures to cover your tracks if they start looking for you at the boarding house. 


According to the radio, there is a job opportunity for work as an orderly in a sanitarium. It’s a long commute, and requires a fair amount of ‘gentle strength’ according to the job application, but provides access to medicine and tools, as well as those individuals for whom the veil between Innocence and Otherness is thinnest, and can be a lead-in to other jobs in nursing. It pays $2d3 more than the baseline.  


You've found time to rest:
Health: UUUUUXXXX
Morale:+++++XX






What will you do, as you wrap things up here and find yourself with time?


11.i.a Use the time to go on an expedition (and if so, which Path/place?)  
Skip the expedition to stay back and get things done.






((Not valid until the seal on the gap is cracked open.))






A bit of practice, too difficult to impart at the outset, about the scrivening practices; you wouldn't want it found. The lesson would be the sort of thing put to paper. To recall where that paper was, you'd want to have some intellectual edge, to know where to look or what questions to ask. Even then, it might be secured away, needing a tool you've already been given.






Interlude 11 - Downtime


The scribbles don’t appear appreciably different under Ivory for an Eye.  


Time passes and you prepare to get more done, putting time in at the old man’s study so you're available when Parker is, and you can talk and plan. You earn 17.93 from your books and $2 extra from your work.  


One of your orange herb buds has fully grown. The pot is crowded. Your green herb has budded. 


Some of your items have regained enough energy to be usable again. The signet of obscurity seems to have delayed the recovery of your dogfight gear, but is finally up and ready itself.  




8. Finding Common Background 


For each set of 2+ clues among clues on your corkboard with shared color but different subjects, create a clue with a connected subject if possible, random if not.  


Realms + Horror (Green) becomes Door II 
Instability + Knot (Blue) becomes Scribble I 
Visceral + Kill (Pink) becomes Grave I  


[Door II clue] [Scribble I clue] [Grave I clue]






The Single Files have sorted out some of your paperwork. You have an additional Downtime slot this cycle, but both papers within the Single Files are consumed, giving you...  


[Jack I clue] [Order II clue]


As you sort out your mail and stop in at the boarding house to pay the cannery workers who helped you out, the old woman at the front desk mentions someone called asking about you, and she gave them the (false) information you asked her to pass on.






((I'm moving companion activities (crank, cleaning) to the end of downtime, since it's a bit tidier there))






[DOWNTIME XII]






Interlude 12 


The Surgeon and Runaway are briefly supplanted - other things take priority, and in a way, it might be Sinclair pushing forward to want to take certain downtime action. You'll be able to make plans for the wedding at the close of this downtime.






How do you spend your downtime? 


10.i.a Explore a location known to you.  
10.i.b Shopping to go see what's available in stores (or call the Gadsens to buy a book from them)  
10.i.c Reading, reading a book to make some headway. You're best at reading Paths and Scrivening texts.  
10.i.d Surveil, stalking and watching a person, place, or thing, or spend a while observing and interacting with a thing.  
10.i.e Investigate, reading, making calls, and doing background research to tackle the mysteries and hand, for a safe but sure way to build up your knowledge about the puzzles before you.  
10.i.f Utilize Intelligence - This works differently now, and is more focused on making guesses and managing your growing collection of clues.  
10.i.g Research. You'll want to name what you're researching.  
10.i.h Ritual, performing a ritual you know.  
10.i.i Craft, make something  
10.i.j Organize, reach out to your family unit or another group you're part of. Includes meeting with your current band of allies.  
10.i.k Do two different Half Actions to fill one downtime slot:  
> Basic First Aid - Heal a heart.  
> Light Relaxation - Heal a morale  
> Light Socialization - Spend time with someone, observations & maintenance on a relationship. Or go on a date.  
> Maintenance - Clean your home/workspace, check wards and do general upkeep.  
> Countermeasures - Take efforts to obfuscate your actions & location.  
> Skim Read - Lightly peruse some material for a 1d3 reading roll.  
> Work - Earn some money (see your Assets page for how much)  






(3 crowded orange herbs)






> What are the risks of running a Path while pregnant?
I feel like I've answered this a few times.  Just the social ones, where Parker might be stressed.
> Does the Deacon's Bench that we found in the Upper Hallway currently occupy an Asset Slot (aka, if we move it is there a spare spot there)?
When you find a new large asset it's assumed there's an asset slot found with it, that it occupies.  If you move it, yes, there's a spare spot there.
> Did we open the Instability Clue Grid, as we voted to here ⁠pq⁠ ?
Slipped past me.  Added now.






%roll 2d2 (Do the orange herb & scrub work? 1 = no)
"(Do the orange herb & scrub work? 1 = no)" [1] [2] = 3






%roll 1d3+1
[2] + 1 = 3






Learn a new language. Learning new languages becomes easier, if you spend Paths clues in the process.






((What language?))






%roll 2d2 (Herb & Bleach, fail on a 1)
"(Herb & Bleach, fail on a 1)" [2] [1] = 3






Interlude 12


The orange herb doesn’t quite work on the tub, but it seems like the right direction to take. The foaming cleanser, at least, works to deal with the crust. A second attempt works on the cracks.  




4  
Badly Stained Tub  
The chemicals sat within this tub for long enough it will be hell to clean. 


Fixed Asset: Needs attention before it will be useful. When fixed, adjusts how you recover after expeditions. It's in such bad condition, any consumables or tools used on the stain have a 50% chance to work.  




As you take note, and cross check charts and tables, you're able to sort the pieces of the language. You now know working Arabic.  


You spend some time with Parker, and it might be a good thing you did, because Parker hasn't been doing especially well. The pressures of the imminent baby, the way you came back hurt, and multiple scary moments while cleaning up have left Parker on the back foot. They don’t want to be in the back seat. Is there a way to be more involved?






Is there? 


121.i.a Give Parker something. 
12.i.b Agree to bring Parker on the next run to a Path. Parker is a bit of an awkward companion, contributing relatively little, while consuming 1 supply every 1.5 nodes traveled.  
12.i.c Commit to inducting Parker into practice 
12.i.* Something else






Interlude 12 


“Right now,” Parker says, and it's clear they're trying to be diplomatic, “Kids and your gift aside, I’ve only really seen the bad. I’m worried that if I meet the council and it turns out poorly, I'll regret it. But I'd like to see it, otherwise. Would I have a rope, like you use?”






Interlude 12  


Agree to take Parker on an adventure and show them what the Paths have to offer - the council can wait. Reassure them we'll have an Escape Rope for them, just in case, but we'll endeavour to ensure they don't need it.


Parker agrees, somewhat nervously.






How do you spend your downtime? 


10.i.a Explore a location known to you.  
10.i.b Shopping to go see what's available in stores (or call the Gadsens to buy a book from them)  
10.i.c Reading, reading a book to make some headway. You're best at reading Paths and Scrivening texts.  
10.i.d Surveil, stalking and watching a person, place, or thing, or spend a while observing and interacting with a thing.  
10.i.e Investigate, reading, making calls, and doing background research to tackle the mysteries and hand, for a safe but sure way to build up your knowledge about the puzzles before you.  
10.i.f Utilize Intelligence - This works differently now, and is more focused on making guesses and managing your growing collection of clues.  
10.i.g Research. You'll want to name what you're researching.  
10.i.h Ritual, performing a ritual you know.  
10.i.i Craft, make something  
10.i.j Organize, reach out to your family unit or another group you're part of. Includes meeting with your current band of allies.  
10.i.k Do two different Half Actions to fill one downtime slot:  
> Basic First Aid - Heal a heart.  
> Light Relaxation - Heal a morale  
> Light Socialization - Spend time with someone, observations & maintenance on a relationship. Or go on a date.  
> Maintenance - Clean your home/workspace, check wards and do general upkeep.  
> Countermeasures - Take efforts to obfuscate your actions & location.  
> Skim Read - Lightly peruse some material for a 1d3 reading roll.  
> Work - Earn some money (see your Assets page for how much)  






Interlude 12


Reworked Research:  


You'll roll 1d6 ~~three~~ [four, from Know] times. This gives you your numbers to allocate. Successive researches increase your pool of research to allocate, to a maximum of 50 (surplus spent on recipes, see below). 


Small nodes cost 2, large nodes cost 4. After you allocate 2 small nodes (3 for larger research grids) and 1 large one, costs increase (to 3 per small, 5 per large). And so on, to a cap of 5 per small node, 7 per large. 


Unlocking additional recipes is a different progression. They initially cost 3, and scale up every 3rd recipe you unlock. This detracts from the pool. 


Spending clues can: 


- Investigate a node and those leading to it  
- Reroll a die 
Relevance of clue may provide more information on the investigation or a bonus to the reroll.






((I'd assign point costs realistically))






%roll 4d6
[6] [1] [2] [5] = 14






[research map]






%roll 1d6 (reroll 1)
"(reroll 1)" [6] = 6






((It's tricky, but you could view it as 'you have the recipe, and that contributes toward unlocking the second tier escape ropes, part of that recipe involves having Unrestrained Creativity'.  You can spend the points to unlock a more standard recipe for Crimson Rope))






%roll 1d6 (Reroll 2)
"(Reroll 2)" [2] = 2






((Oh, didn't realize your vote hadn't progressed that far.  My fault, rolling just after waking up))






((It's the sort of thing you'd have to see and infer to know.))






Collapsing I removed.






Increase all percentage chances for research unlocks and special ropes.
[percentage node]






A chance to preserve the rope (or downgrade instead of destroying it), or have no cooldown after rope use, for ropes with cooldown
[frayed rope node]






Because Dust is a very good clue choice for this in particular, also find out... 


The first rope in your inventory doesn't take an inventory slot
[square node]




A chance to preserve the rope or a chance to have no cooldown, as appropriate.






When off cooldown and not used, gains and holds power.  Functionality differs by rope:
- Coarse Rope - Small chance of being treated as a special rope and contributing to recipe unlock for that rope.
- Crimson Rope - Saves up excess cooldown, to a max of 2 consecutive uses.
[battery node]






Bring unattended objects on exit (beyond inventory capacity.  Extends some effects.
[upwards triangle node]






Reduces ritual costs
[cent node]






((For the sake of sanity, it is retroactive))






((I was leaning a bit away from that, because it constrained design space so much; every upgrade has to have an inverse.  Tentative yes, depending on what you propose, can only take a detriment if you know what the upgrade does))






((The way it works is that it cuts down on prerequisites, mainly aimed at making the advanced ropes easier to do.  I'd likely add another cost prerequisite.  $2.90 added for a basic rope.  Maybe something like intestines of an Other for crimson.))






Bring someone else with you.  Very low chance to work if that someone is unwilling, increased with advantage & binding
[two people node]






((No, it gives the recipe you can later follow))






%roll 1d6 (reroll the 2)
"(reroll the 2)" [5] = 5






[research map]






[research map]






Interlude 12


New Recipe:  




2  
Violet Rope  
This lavender rope has a heft to it, and a weight that suggests it might be cable or chain instead of rope. 


Use: Immediately end a Path and return home. If worn as equipment, can be used at any time, even when an incoming attack is imminent. 3d3 cycle cooldown. Has a 50% chance to resist/rebound any outside interference, theft, or damage.  




To create: 


Always requires a minimum of: 
- A ritual action 
- $2.50  


And four of the following: 
- $7.50 in components 
- A Cluster 
- A Paths navigation consumable/lesser item 
- A Paths Key 
- A Consumable with the King or Queen keyword.






((Still 3))






[research map]






Interlude 12 


With your current research, you have: 


18% chance to preserve a coarse escape rope that would be spent, with an added 9% chance a higher tier escape rope that would be spent becomes a coarse rope. 18% chance your escape rope cooldown is refreshed immediately. 


You can bring two someones with you when escape roping out of a Path. 


You can bring two unattended or recently dropped objects with you when exiting a Path, or another someone for three total. (Accounted for above) 


If you took damage shortly before leaving, restore up to 1U on exit.  


% chances increased by 2%. Accounted for above. 


0/19 points remaining 


Two recipes known: Crimson & Purple






How do you spend your downtime? 


10.i.a Explore a location known to you.  
10.i.b Shopping to go see what's available in stores (or call the Gadsens to buy a book from them)  
10.i.c Reading, reading a book to make some headway. You're best at reading Paths and Scrivening texts.  
10.i.d Surveil, stalking and watching a person, place, or thing, or spend a while observing and interacting with a thing.  
10.i.e Investigate, reading, making calls, and doing background research to tackle the mysteries and hand, for a safe but sure way to build up your knowledge about the puzzles before you.  
10.i.f Utilize Intelligence - This works differently now, and is more focused on making guesses and managing your growing collection of clues.  
10.i.g Research. You'll want to name what you're researching.  
10.i.h Ritual, performing a ritual you know.  
10.i.i Craft, make something  
10.i.j Organize, reach out to your family unit or another group you're part of. Includes meeting with your current band of allies.  
10.i.k Do two different Half Actions to fill one downtime slot:  
> Basic First Aid - Heal a heart.  
> Light Relaxation - Heal a morale  
> Light Socialization - Spend time with someone, observations & maintenance on a relationship. Or go on a date.  
> Maintenance - Clean your home/workspace, check wards and do general upkeep.  
> Countermeasures - Take efforts to obfuscate your actions & location.  
> Skim Read - Lightly peruse some material for a 1d3 reading roll.  
> Work - Earn some money (see your Assets page for how much)  






Interlude 12


You create your escape rope. In a way, it’s nice to have something that doesn't take a very long time or have complex implications. A working escape rope feels good to have.  




1  
Escape Rope, Coarse  
This coil of rope tugs faintly when moved or carried, as if rooted somewhere by an invisible bond. 


Use: Immediately end a Path and return home. This item is consumed on use. If worn as equipment, can be used at any time, even when an incoming attack is imminent. There are other escape ropes with other functions, specifics, and features.






How do you spend your downtime? 


10.i.a Explore a location known to you.  
10.i.b Shopping to go see what's available in stores (or call the Gadsens to buy a book from them)  
10.i.c Reading, reading a book to make some headway. You're best at reading Paths and Scrivening texts.  
10.i.d Surveil, stalking and watching a person, place, or thing, or spend a while observing and interacting with a thing.  
10.i.e Investigate, reading, making calls, and doing background research to tackle the mysteries and hand, for a safe but sure way to build up your knowledge about the puzzles before you.  
10.i.f Utilize Intelligence - This works differently now, and is more focused on making guesses and managing your growing collection of clues.  
10.i.g Research. You'll want to name what you're researching.  
10.i.h Ritual, performing a ritual you know.  
10.i.i Craft, make something  
10.i.j Organize, reach out to your family unit or another group you're part of. Includes meeting with your current band of allies.  
10.i.k Do two different Half Actions to fill one downtime slot:  
> Basic First Aid - Heal a heart.  
> Light Relaxation - Heal a morale  
> Light Socialization - Spend time with someone, observations & maintenance on a relationship. Or go on a date.  
> Maintenance - Clean your home/workspace, check wards and do general upkeep.  
> Countermeasures - Take efforts to obfuscate your actions & location.  
> Skim Read - Lightly peruse some material for a 1d3 reading roll.  
> Work - Earn some money (see your Assets page for how much)  






Interlude 12


Teacup, string, and enough diagram work to support it. There are Paths practices you've heard Gadsen make passing mention of, that use mundane objects like this, and affect the Path, from a pair of round glasses to a boot with dirt and a flower in it. This uses that idea. 


All that awaits is the actual entry diagram. You can figure that out in a bit. 


Moving on, you're left to start thinking about wedding planning.






Plan a Mission 


This is the downtime action for when you have something bigger in mind. Hunting something out of your weight class, a heist, or confronting a major enemy. With these big events, there are a lot of factors in play, and by using this downtime action, you can figure out the variables and make a move when things are favorable. 


With the wedding, there are a few things to keep in mind. As of right now, it looks like this:  




Trouble 


Chance threats or problems crash the party. Reduced by countermeasures.  


56% chance a Little Wolf catches on. 18% chance of other issues.




Presentation 


Ability to cater to guests, have neat music, art, etc. Happy guests give good gifts, respect.  


4 Presentation slots
49% chance of guest goodwill




Attendance 


How many show  


12 of your guests (7x family & council), 10 of Parker’s (5 family, 5 friends)  




Venue - Garden Lawn 


Impacts other categories Not factored in elsewhere yet  


Cost multiplier x1.14 
Attendance multiplier x1.44  




Inclusivity  


Guests happiness with things catering/not catering to them.  


Catered happiness -1 
Other happiness -3  




Costs  


The cost of the wedding itself


$1787




Joy 


Your & Parker’s chance at mutual satisfaction 


67%  




Parker's parents are willing to contribute $500. Your own parents might be willing to contribute too. If there’s excess money, it’s yours to keep. 


A good wedding will impress guests, leave a lasting impression, raise your status in the community and alter goodwill elsewhere, and obviously you want to enjoy yourselves. You'll earn gift money and wedding gifts. Having more guests means more little rewards.






You (and Parker, because you're in this together) have the ability to take actions and work with these numbers and variables. That gives you two actions you can take, out of the following: 


> Investigate a variable; get more information, figure out the ranges in play.  
> Roll a variable and then choose one (it is not locked in).  
> Lock down a variable. Everyone involved can take one of these actions after you Plan, and at the end of each downtime cycle (like cleaning, some of this happens by default). After actions are taken, 1-7 of the non-locked variables will shuffle, to be considered for next time. 


Companions assigned to planning can give you additional actions on these fronts. Further, some investigation and actions taken elsewhere (explore, social) and some mundane clue expenditures can nudge the variables or ranges. 


The proposed wedding is the end of Interlude 16, unless you want to wait until after the baby is born (which has its own implications).






What will you do?  


121.i.a Investigate a variable (one box out of the seven). Get more information, figure out the ranges in play.
12.i.b Reroll a box and decide between two results.
12i.c Lock down a box. It won’t change when things shuffle.




What should Parker do?  


121.i.a Investigate a variable (one box out of the seven). Get more information, figure out the ranges in play.
12.i.b Reroll a box and decide between two results.
12i.c Lock down a box. It won’t change when things shuffle.






(If you're investigating a variable, which?)






%roll 1d7
[3] = 3






%roll 3d7
[1] [2] [2] = 5






Interlude 12


Trouble ranges from 16% to 100% for Little Wolves. You can use countermeasures to cut this down... or hire help. They aren't likely to attack you directly, given Kane’s rule as Lord, but they could do something else. 


The number trends lower (66% chance it’s a 1-10%, 22% it's 11-20, and 11% it’s a 21+) for the other problems. You could probably address it or send someone to address it if you had a sense of who might want to crash your wedding. Do any practitioners or Others stand out? 


Inclusivity ties into presentation and venue, and little decisions along the way. You'll have chances to appeal to broad demographics when you later select music, decorations, and speeches - older people vs. youth, practitioners vs. non-practitioners, family vs. outsiders, etc. The ones you appeal to are catered to, and get a flat bonus, plus what's listed here (currently -1). The rest fall into a broad group (currently -3). Both numbers range from -3 to +3. 


That wraps up your downtime, which incidentally leaves you room to take action again. Some categories shift.




Trouble 


Chance threats or problems crash the party. Reduced by countermeasures.  


20% chance a Little Wolf catches on. 4% chance of other issues.




Presentation 


Ability to cater to guests, have neat music, art, etc. Happy guests give good gifts, respect.  


3 Presentation slots
94% chance of guest goodwill




Attendance 


How many show  


17 of your guests (7x family & council), 7 of Parker’s (5 family, 2 friends)  




Venue - Garden Lawn 


Impacts other categories Not factored in elsewhere yet  


Cost multiplier x1.14 
Attendance multiplier x1.44  




Inclusivity  


Guests happiness with things catering/not catering to them.  


Catered happiness -1 
Other happiness -3  




Costs  


The cost of the wedding itself


$1787




Joy 


Your & Parker’s chance at mutual satisfaction 


67%  




Trouble, Presentation, and Attendance have shuffled.






You can take the above actions again as you wrap up this downtime.






121.i.a Investigate a variable (one box out of the seven). Get more information, figure out the ranges in play.
12.i.b Reroll a box and decide between two results.
12i.c Lock down a box. It won’t change when things shuffle.




121.i.a Investigate a variable (one box out of the seven). Get more information, figure out the ranges in play.
12.i.b Reroll a box and decide between two results.
12i.c Lock down a box. It won’t change when things shuffle.






%roll 3d3
[1] [1] [2] = 4






Get a related clue and unlock a space on the grid.






%roll 1d3+1
[1] + 1 = 2






Patterns Cleared


There’s an aspect to your time with your old friend that has always felt vague - you were young, and the young are self-centered, so in a way, you didn’t ask questions, and focused on the stories. Now, with a lot of reflection, thinking back to conversations, you realize when he was kind, when he was tolerant, when he might have been hurting, and you now have a sense of what he was trying to impart. Things that couldn't be taught or put to paper, only set up to be inferred.  


You have three Lessons available, now. Whenever you could read, you can reflect and pen down memories instead, it is for nearly all intents and purposes the same, but cannot be sold or transferred as-is.






LESSONS




TEXT


Recollections of a Friend


☐ HAVE


Nothing so specific, but the more you think back to the time spent with your Old Friend, the more you realize how much was intentional.  A well of disorganized thoughts.


TABLE OF CONTENTS


▯▯▯▯▯  Gain 1d3 random Scrivening clues, Tier 1-2.


▯▯▯▯▯ Determine a set of Tier 1 clues (1-3 of a color, 1-2 of a subject, 2 scrivening); progression is hampered until you spend that on continuing.


▯▯▯▯▯ Background: Instilled with Scrivening - Gives you 1 reading progress in all other Scrivening related books, with practical overflow.  This improves when 3, 5, 7, 9, 11, and 12 different Lessons have been finished.


▯▯▯▯▯ Finish penning down and organizing memories.  Becomes a book.  Then worsen the stage 1 rewards or requirements, and reset.






TEXT


Imaginary Monsters and Friends that Bump in the Night


☐ HAVE


You’d rattle off ideas for monsters and imaginary things, and he would steer, wouldn’t he?  What was he trying to instill in you?  The things he told you about were real.


TABLE OF CONTENTS


▯▯▯▯▯  Gain a random Tier I clue from the Scrivening set.


▯▯▯▯▯  Background: Scribble this Down: Get more information on new Scrivening Others you meet.


▯▯▯▯▯ Gain a random Tier II clue from the Scrivening set.


▯▯▯▯▯ Gain a random Tier II clue from the Scrivening set.


▯▯▯▯▯ Background: Don’t Write that Down: Get a sense of what Scrivening Others are capable of when Attributed.


▯▯▯▯▯ Finish penning down and organizing memories.  Becomes a viable book.






TEXT


Not Everyone Sees the Sky as Blue


☐ HAVE


Not everyone sees blue skies as your blue.  Not everyone sees red flowers as your red.  He said stuff like that a lot, asked you to try very hard to change your red, or your idea of an apple.  That was a lead-in to the Ivory for an Eye, but there was more to it.  What does a color mean?  There’s a common thread to pull on, and something unravels.


TABLE OF CONTENTS


▯▯▯▯▯ Learn two colors


▯▯▯▯▯ Gain a Tier I clue of a scrivening type you haven’t seen.


▯▯▯▯▯ Learn three colors


▯▯▯▯▯ Gain a Tier II clue of a scrivening type you haven’t seen.


▯▯▯▯▯ Learn four colors


▯▯▯▯▯ Gain your choice of a Tier III scrivening clue of a random type you have seen, or a 
Tier II Scrivening wildcard clue.


▯▯▯▯▯ Learn the last color and get information on rarer Bugge types when you run into those Bugges.


▯▯▯▯▯ Gain a basic Tier I Scrivening clue for each color.








Patterns x Secrets


He didn’t always want to talk about his past. He was a bit of a scoundrel, but it was all in fun. But he went quiet when the war was mentioned.There was a problem there. Whatever haunted him or scared him off the Paths outright is on war-themed Paths, most likely.






Secrets Your Old Friend did not ever mention or provide you the way to The Bed and the Breakfast.






((The lesson would be one more addition))






((If it's held back, you might imagine it's stronger))






((Yes, and you do))






Milestone 


You've finished your first investigation, the first chapter of understanding where you come from and where you might be going, and especially as a Lore practitioner, that's foundational. A part of you is growing up, finding ways past internal roadblocks, and thriving.  


You can choose one of the following. It will be removed from the list (this is why some entries appear twice). After everything possible is taken, all options become available once again. However, you're calcified, treated as an old man by spirit, in Self, and in Soul, so some options are blocked/worsened. If you cannot take all the options, you may instead find yourself settling into who you are.  




Options 


[~~Gain a partial stat increase~~] 
[New Equipment Slot]
[~~Gain a partial stat increase~~]
[Advance a skill & Lock It ~~Learn a new skill~~] 
[3 Mastery Slots] 
[Advance a skill & Lock It ~~Learn a new skill~~]  
[Acclimatize to an uneasy Beauty/Beast] 
[Passive Bane Rate slows] 
[Discard one of the other options.]




Notes: New equipment slot is added to the perimeter of the 3x3 grid; it can't have any specific slot items (you can't wear two hats), but if it's on top, you can have a top-row item in it.  


Partial stat increases require an expenditure to tap into. Each time they turn up (and aren't blocked), a stat is presented to you. Getting two of the same stat makes it permanent. 


Locked skills aren't lost if you change Beauties or Beasts. Skills may change if associated stats are lost.






((Generally worsening.  As of right now you have stuff like Running, while also having +Athletics.  If you lose the Athletics, Running won't be as good.))






What radio stations are you listening to?


12.i.a News (newspaper style result)  
12.i.b Entertainment (clues)  


)






((Not the intended result.  The clue is in the papers, which will tell you where to go or where to look.))






%roll 3d3
[2] [2] [1] = 5






%roll 3d3
[3] [2] [2] = 7






Interlude 12 Wrapup


The writings of your old friend provide some inspiration...  


[Spubs II clue]


The radio provides some inspiration:  


[Law I clue] [Brown I clue] [Law I clue]


You get a bit more cleaning done, finishing off the bedroom. With things out of the way, you can get the sheets sorted out, make the bed properly, and relax. You find eighty cents and free up...  




4  
Queen Sized Bed  
A sturdily built bed, large, with a molded headboard. Has sufficient room for two. 


Use: Provides an ongoing increased chance of a pleasant evening with your partner. Recover from iliness and illness-adjacent curses faster.






Parker starts on the kitchen and finds...  




0
Gross Canned Chicken
The texture is reportedly dreadful, but it keeps for a long time. One of the few food items in the house that hasnt gone bad.  


Use: Takes time to prepare. Restore 3# and lose 1+.




0
Salt
Good for adding a bit of flavor to a meal, and for dealing with undead, among Other things.


Use: Can cut past blandness and grossness in food, reducing consequences. Has various uses in practice.




0
Fine China
Nice china, the sort a family hands down.  


Asset: May sells for a few dollars, or be displayable as an attractive asset. 


Wedding: Can be used for presentation, catering to older folk.  




1  
Delicious Moldy Rat Carcasses  
The fact these seem delicious suggests some sentiment of another food got stuck to them. 


Use: Poisons and diseases the imbiber, who would have to be very dumb.






Interlude 12 Wrapup


Posie finds...  




1  
Sleepy Doll  
This doll, apparently hollow, has eyes that close. At first you thought it was a Horror thing, but it was just some fancy internal design. 


Use: A workable vessel for certain types of immaterial Other, possible enchantment fodder, as a grenade or container for some effect. Also a good gift for a small child.  




1
Early Reading: Natural Science  
Mr. Hairston was a scientist and his daughter followed suit. These books teach about the natural world  


Use: You have little to gain from this, but some Others might find it valuable. Probably inclines that Other to be more knowledgeable and scientific.  




3
Visceral Debris  
These items from the child's bedroom have partially transformed into flesh, with veins running in and out of wood, still wet and still pumping faint amounts of blood. 


Use: Adds $1.22 cents of value to a crafted item. Multiples its value by 0.92. Makes a visceral component or magic highly likele.  




Plus three pieces of regular debris. 


Boy Gone is pretty tired of cranking the machine, even with nice music to listen to. He'd like to do something else soon. 


You heal. 


Health: UUUUUUUUX
Morale: ++++++X






What would you like to do next?  


12.i.a Run a Path 
12.i.b Go somewhere else 
12.i.c Skip Path Running






%roll 6d3 (Ribbon Glass)
"(Ribbon Glass)" [3] [3] [3] [1] [2] [1] = 13






((Orange herb buds, +1 Kingsfall bud, green herb bud grows to full size))






Who is coming with you?
12.* ?






What equipment do you wear?
12.* ?






What do you bring?
12.* ?






[MARCHING ORDERS, 4TH VISIT]






[MO map]






Chapter 13 - Marching Orders, Fourth March 


The weather effect is noticeable, and it seems part of the weather takes the form of gargantuan whales, swimming through the atmosphere. The wind carries massive clouds from the far horizon to the horizon opposite you in a matter of minutes, and the whales, each large enough to have a city on its back, ‘swim’ against the current. The Path appears to take place across a cliffside, with water running down from high points above you, making rock wet and slick, and then drains out below, with cliff and water tapering down to the point you can’t see what all of this rests on. 


“Wow,” Parker says. “I think I might see why you do this, now.” 


“Brick hunt!” Penny shouts, pushing past Clover as she runs forward. Clover, competitive nature stoked, leaps into it. It only takes a minute before they find the requisite pieces for you to put in order.  


[bricks]






%roll 1d15 (Forgot this)
"(Forgot this)" [14] = 14






HOARDER
Minor


You're attached to what you've got. Giving it up feels like giving up a piece of yourself, or opportunities that could save your life. Leaving behind an item that's not yours/not owned by another or removing an item from your home causes you to lose morale.You can attempt to resist this by rolling a 2+, but this oe more difficult if done in a short span of time and a poor roll can have consequences. Mess may accumulate more easily.






((This was due anyway, but with slowed bane clock, you get your next at 16, not 15))






%roll 5d3
[3] [2] [3] [2] [3] = 13






%roll 5d3
[3] [3] [1] [3] [3] = 13






[MO map]






Where to?
12.a Advance to a likely confrontation.  
12.z Remain where you are.






((Ah, thought that was attribute.  Now I've got to come up with something.))






[MO map]






Chapter 13 - Marching Orders, Fourth March  


Fossicking the brick, you see a little scene play out. It’s hard to make out details.






[car crash on the intersections, marchers clap, one drops treasure?]






[MO map]






Chapter 13 - Marching Orders, Fourth March  


The Ivory of an Eye effect settles, and the ground rattles, falling away. A distant, gargantuan Lost stands at the horizon, back to you, periodically bracing her umbrella against the strong wind. Clouds swirl around her, and across the Marching Orders, which are now roadway and platforms suspended on narrow pillars. It seems a part of the Path arches far overhead.  


“I like the aesthetic of umbrellas,” Penny says, “But I prefer raincoats, because it means the water’s closer, and I prefer being underwater to raincoats.” 


“Mmm, grass,” Clover says, looking over the horizon. The landscape below the Path is a rolling field of impossibly tall, silken grass that forms beautiful patterns as the wind passes along it, almost making the entirety of the wind currents down there visible. “Can we shuffle until the grass is closer? So we aren't so high up? Being high up makes me think of being carried away by a bird.” 


“A beautiful way to go, isn’t it?” Penny says. “It’s romantic. If you're a fish or a rabbit and you're going to get eaten anyway, wouldn't it be nice to experience a strange place right before the end?” 


“I'd rather not get eaten,” Clover answers. 


You enter the far end of the tea shop street, and see a considerable crowd with a considerable parade, equal to what you saw on your last visit. The customary groups are nearby.






Who do you talk to?  


12.a Talk to the old curmudgeon, who complain to anyone who will listen.  
12.b Talk to the cadets, who are educating their younger peers.  
12.c Talk to the children who are playing with blue ribbons.  
12.d Talk to the old folk, who have Narmy Blarmfoot in their company.






Chapter 13 - Marching Orders, Fourth March  


Three taller cadets are addressing three younger ones. Their voices overlap in a way that makes it hard to tell what they’re saying, without words intruding from the others.  


Then, abruptly, each instructor turns to the next kid, who was listening to someone else, and quizzes them. 


You can try to overhear some of it. If you finishe Forked Tongues of Babel, you’d probably be better at this. 


Topics: 


Hills and Stairs 
Crime 
The Big Cheese  
Stampedes 
Food and Drink 
Winding Neighborhoods 
Straight Roads 
Obstacles 
Bridges  
Strange Guests 
Bloody Admiral 
Entertainment 
Chokepoints 
Scoundrels 
Connections






Name two topics to try to listen to...
12.* If there’s connective tissue to catch, you may hear some ideas common to both, or that connect to both.






Chapter 13 - Marching Orders, Fourth March  


“And if the parade gets to be too much for what an area can handle, then we get a stampede, and it all goes to crap.”  


“That only usually happens if something’s set up wrong, or someone cheats the system to make a parade get huge. But if it happens, you can expect the Big Cheese to be absolutely insufferable. Way harder to deal with.” 


Topics: 


Hills and Stairs 
Crime 
Winding Neighbourhoods
Straight Roads
Food and Drink 
Bridges
Strange Guests
Obstacles
Entertainment
Chokepoints
Bloody Admiral
Connections
Scoundrels






Name two more topics to try to listen to...
12.* If there’s connective tissue to catch, you may hear some ideas common to both, or that connect to both.






Chapter 13 - Marching Orders, Fourth March


“And so long as you eat right, you should be clear. In places where the city design is good, it doesn’t matter if you eat all of the meals at your breakfast table-”  


“-cafe, if you stop in-” another instructor cuts in. 


“-or pack it to go. Even if there are extra events and good things where the city is laid out, the delay doesn’t matter. By the time you get to where you’re meant to be, the food should sit right in our stomach.” 


“-the temptress realigned my mom, then kicked me out of the house. Sure showed me!” 


“-put the stairs, the tower, and then the hill, can you imagine?” 


“and that’s why you really want to set up the Big Cheese to kick your rear ends as thoroughly as possible.” 


The older cadets turn abruptly in the other direction, so the trainees who were listening intently to the conversation to the left in case the instructors turn again are instead asked by instructors to the right. The cadet instructors ask, in unison, “Do you understand what I'm talking about?” 


“No.” “Not at all.” “Nope.”






“What about you? That person’s taking notes, and you look smart. So in exchange for...” 


The voices overlap. A piece of parade gear, a rarer consumable, a temporary loan of one of the recruits, or five coins, can you answer one of the following? 


1. “What's the added consequence if there’s a stampede at the cafe, assuming everything goes right?” 
2. “What major food items do you want to eat well before meeting Big Cheese?”  
3. “In what two areas of town are the stampedes most likely and dangerous?” 
4. “How do good connections impact the Big Cheese?”






Answer... 


12.a Give an answer to the first question, for a piece of Parade gear.  
12.b Give an answer to the second question, for a rarer consumable.  
12.c Give an answer to the third question, for a temporary loan of a recruit  
12.d Give an answer to the fourth question, for five coins.






Chapter 13 - Marching Orders, Fourth March 


“I suspect more correct connections means a Big Cheese with a larger head"  


The cadets break out into laughter, both old and young. 


"Funny,” the one who asked says, “but not the right answer.”  


“What is the right answer?” Penny asks. 


“Do you want to join?” “Are you going to become a recruit?” the first two instructors ask. The third prods one of the kids. “You! Uniform off, let the fish try it on!” 


“Prior obligations,” Clover says, steering Penny and you away, taking you out of of the conversation. Behind you, the instructors begin alternately instructing and grilling the kids again, getting into the weeds of stuff unimportant to the Path, like how buttons on the uniform should be polished with counter-clockwise motions, and when the best times to slack off and enjoy the parade are.






[MO map]






Now...
13.a Take the left hand path, toward the cafe  
13.b Take the right hand path, to where locals are operating a large machine.  
13.m Stay and listen to the old curmudgeon 
13.n Stay and listen to the blue ribbon kids  
13.o Stay and listen to the old folk, who have Narmy Blarmfoot with them. 
13.z Go back to the gate.






Chapter 13 - Marching Orders, Fourth March 


It seems there are three machines.  


“Welcome, one in three customers get a free shot at the 3-4-1 machine! Give us one item, we'll split it in three! You're a lucky third!” 


“Nevermind those guys! Over here, we have the Penny Pincher! Any item squeezed into a proportional value in coins!” 


“We're offering a free use of the Label Maker!” 


“What does it do!?” Clover calls over.  


“Come on over and see! Won't it bother you if you don’t ever find out!?” 


The various vendors are apparently competing for parade-goer’s attention and if you go to one you'll lose the goodwill and option to go to the others.






Where to? 


13.a Go to the 3-4-1 machine  
13.b Go to the Penny Pincher machine  
13.c Go to the Label Maker machine






Chapter 13 - Marching Orders, Fourth March 


“We'll turn one of your items into a label. Want something to fit for marching in the parade? Give us a piece of marching gear. What do you say? What do you think?” the Lost, who is covered in labels, like ‘head’, ‘chin’, and ‘eye’, asks. “What do you want to see turned into a label?” 


“Labels are tacky!” one of the other machine operators shouts. “They'll lower the value!” 


“Nevermind that.”






What item do you give to the label maker?


13.* Decide on an item.  
13.a Don’t give an item.






Ahh






What item do you give to the label maker?


13.a Move forward
13.x Stay where you are
13.y-z Go back to where you've been
13.* Something else






%roll 3d70
[38] [59] [18] = 115






Chapter 13 - Marching Orders, Fourth March 


“How are you doing? I know it’s a lot.”  


“It's a lot, but mostly I’m trying to figure out this place. I like problem solving. How do you know what to focus on, when everything seems important and ‘big’?” 


“Welcome to Roundy’s Found and Found stall!” A distressingly round Lost tells you. “Taking best offers!” 


“Like that,” Parker says. “Is that a clue? Something used for the bigger riddle?” 


“We talked about some of the Paths we’ve been on while we cleaned,” Penny explains to you. 


The stall has a few items for sale.  




6  
Noonday Mask  
A mask favored by Lost of a certain area focused on days, time, or the sun, sun centered. 


Equip: While worn, combat cards played in the middlemost slot of the round (two middlemost if tied) also have two fitting pips pointing up. If you've already played a sun card or sun modified card, also gains those benefits.  




3
Terrible Monkey  
A taxidermied, black-furred monkey, biting its own erect penis. Very creepy and frazzled looking, with wide eyes. Its position changes when not looked at. It is awful and loud at night. 


Asset: Can be activated with an expenditure of power. Follows those who follow the owner. Will do one each of stealing, draining power from something (covering its next use), distracting, humiliating. Then goes on cooldown based on the number of things it could not accomplish.  


4
Bomb Dispenser  
Dispenses basic, ordinary bombs for regular use. Is less effective if carried/worn. 


Use: Worn as a trinket (any middle slot), produces a bomb every three nodes. 


Asset: Produces 1d3 bombs after every expedition.  




“Going to any worthy offer you've found.” 


“I'll suppose that’s any offer we’ve seen another item going for,” Clover says, folding her arms. “And if it’s not good enough, we're out of luck?” 


“Exactly so,” Roundy says.






What do you want?  


13.a Move on to a gathering of Lost 
13.l Express interest in the Noonday Mask, and name a price/exchange you've seen another shop item go for, to offer for it.  
13.m Express interest in the Terrible Monkey, and name a price/exchange you've seen another shop item go for, to offer for it.  
13.n Express interest in the Bomb Dispenser, and name a price/exchange you've seen another shop item go for, to offer for it.  
13.w Stay where you are. 
13.x-z Go back to where you've been 
13.* Something else






((Masks are top left))






Chapter 13 - Marching Orders, Fourth March 


“For the Noonday Mask, calling back to a deal on the Pound, I’d like to offer this derringer, a chalk and slate, this rope, and three coins...” 


You do a magic trick using Parker’s ear, provoking some raised eyebrows from Parker. 


Roundy checks a large text, flipping through, finger running down the page, then shakes his head. “That won't do. The items must be magical to qualify as ‘earth’ enough, and a ‘navigation item’ on the Paths is something like a chickenhawk feather. Not this.” 


“Zero for three so far today,” Penny murmurs.






[MO map]






What do you want?  


13.a Move on to a gathering of Lost 
13.w Stay where you are and try to make another offer, they might be a little less inclined to play along this time.  
13.x-z Go back to where you've been.  
13.* Something else






Chapter 13 - Marching Orders, Fourth March 


“The Paths change from visit to visit, and visitor to visitor; with the trick I used earlier, I can get another look on the same trip. The main parts of the puzzle stay the same, while less critical parts change around them; the Tea Shop over there is this brick’s fixed feature. On the Canals coming up, last time I was there I found a hidden treasure - keep your eyes peeled!”  


Parker finishes glancing over the coins and returns them to you.  




0
Lost Coin  
The hand of a sharp eyed Lost, blue-green, grips the wrist of another Lost, white, causing cards to bulge out of the sleeve. 


Currency: It's Paths currency.  




0
Lost Coin  
A Lost, orange, that just rescued a keyhole-eyed kitten from a tree, is bowled over by a tide of golden rewards.  


Currency: It's Paths currency.  




0
Lost Coin  
A disgruntled doll-like Lost in a green dress is awarded their own limb, clearly recently lost, now painted with black-white checks.  


Currency: It's Paths currency.  




You approach the Canals, where the parade is in disarray. Some Lost are hurling buckets of powder and dye at each other, and with the wildly varying silhouettes of the Lost, you’re surprised at the degree to which cadet is indistinguishable from parade goer, who is indistinguishable from the audience, and so on. Some Lost are immune, like a hamster with leather lingerie and metal piercings the dye and powder wick off of that is picking up fallen Lost and piling them onto one shoulder, a Lost studded with diamonds that do the same, who is trying to rally people to be peace-keeping cadets, a Lost with a literal hinged chest for a ‘chest’ who is looting, and more.






“Remember how Rudy changed Lost to be his ‘colors’? Or how the Vandal was going to use oil to make us colorblind?” Clover asks, as you watch the chaos. Teams of Lost are tring to use canal water to wash up the Lost as they exit the canals, and mostly succeeding. Some Lost, like a doll lost with a fleur-de-lis pattern, a hapless Lost with a glass head who keeps getting caught in the most colorful backwash of the others and thus re-infected, and a doll Lost with a gilded dress who is very persnickety about how she is cleaned, make the job very hard. Clover adds, maybe without any need, “The colors a Lost wear can signal allegiances, teams, factions, family.” 


“Very useful to mess that up,” Penny says, hands on hips, nodding, watching as audience members try and fail at marching, elderly struggle with carrying a parade float, on which one of their number is fighting a child, and children take on the role of guards and get predictaly trampled. “Super useful. Not here, obviously, but somewhere, I’m sure.”






Chapter 13 - Marching Orders, Fourth March 


A bunch of Lost are drying off, scrubbing at the mess.  


“Why are we here? What is this for?” A cadet asks you. 


“I've forgotten the advice I’m meant to give a stranger,” an old woman says. 


“Maybe I should leave, desert, and go to another Path?” a recruit asks. “Where should I go? I’d have to send replacements back this way.” 


“Help us out!” a Lost that is busy getting water tells you. “Guess if you must!”






What do you say?
(Answer all three)


13.* Why is the cadet here? What is this parade even for?  
13.star What advice should the old woman give?  
13.diamond Where should the Cadet go, to send Lost back from?






Chapter 13 - Marching Orders, Fourth March 


You're here to keep the parade on track, help the new recruits, right? The parade? It has something to do with the war on? Celebrating the recruits?  


The cadet nods, and forms fists with his hands, seized with determination. 


You’re supposed to tell them about the three shops up ahead with the different counters, exteriors and trims, I think.  


“No, there’s something more I’m meant to do,” the old woman mumbles, before walking away, clearly still confused. 


Isn’t the Pound connected? They’d surely have Lost you can send back. 


“No, I shouldn't leave,” the would-be deserter says. “There’s a good parade on. And the Pound wouldn't work. Lost go from places like this to places like that.” Then he wanders off. 


Leaving you with the determined young cadet, who says, “Why are you here? I’m not talking about right now. Why do you risk your life coming to places like this?” 


Parker gives you a curious look, as if wondering for themselves. 


“I should give you a reward, after you give me an answer, for helping me,” the cadet mumbles, glancing up from below a helmet that sits skewed above a face that catches the light in ways that suggest light sources aren’t where they are. It’s clear from his expression that he expects an answer first, though.






Your answer?
13.* Why are you here? What's your driving motivation?






What might you want as a reward.  


13.a A spare consumable or bit of currency is always a safe ask.  
13.b An item, perhaps. There’s a chance he may say no.  
13.c Information. Lost are cagey about what they'll tell you, so you should be careful about what you ask.  
13.d Attempt to recruit them, temporarily. There’s a fair chance they say yes, worsened by the fact you're not great, socially.  
13.e Attempt to recruit them for the long term. Odds are slim (and odds get rougher as you have more Lost in your company; so it’s a very slim chance unless you're planning to kick out Posie or Boy Gone), but you can sweeten the deal.






Chapter 13 - Marching Orders, Fourth March 


I’m here because so much of who l am and who I will become is tied to this place. When I was young, I had a friend from the Paths. Someone who taught me about the people who live here, the places I could visit, the practices I could use to interact with them. Now, the more I dig into those memories, the things I wrote under my friend’s instructions when I was younger, the things I discover when I’m here, the more I think that me having that friend wasn’t just a coincidence, that I realize just how much of myself having that depends on this place. I don’t just mean that in a metaphorical sense. Who I am, who will be, even who I was—I can’t learn those things, I can’t choose those things, unless I’m here. That’s why I’m here. Not just to survive, not just to fulfill a promise, and not just to see the sights and collect souvenirs, but to learn and choose who I truly am.  


The kid has clearly tuned out by the time you’re done. He runs off to catch up with the parade.






Where to? 


13.a Carry on.  
13.v Remain here, see how things go, talk with Parker. 
13.z Go back.






[MO map]






%roll 3d3
[3] [1] [2] = 6






%roll 3d3
[2] [3] [3] = 8






[MO map]






Chapter 13 - Marching Orders, Fourth March 


It's chaos around the side of the observatory.  


“Sell, sell! What are you selling!?” an old man shouts at a Lost who was supposed to be in the parade, who has found herself splattered in bright blue dye, standing behind a stall. The cadet quickly strips off her jacket, only to have the old man shout in her face, “Price!?” 


“If the parade gets worse, you have to blow up a building,” a member of the audience, now wearing a kerchief, tells an old woman. 


“And make sure to give away some free baked goods, to get them coming back.” 


“I don’t have any baked goods... I have a gun,” the young cadet says, holding up her pistol. “A bullet is kind of baked, isn’t it?” 


“Brilliant!” the response is, clearly impressed. 


“Not brilliant!” one of the few unaffected Lost shouts. “Do not!” 


The Lost have congregated into several disorganized groups.






Who to talk to? 


13.a The cadets who've mingled with deserters.  
13.b The old folk with some blue ribbon dancers in their group.  
13.c The loud, politically dissatisfied street urchin with a torch and knife  
13.d The diamond-studded Lost trying to manage things  
13.e The King, previously in the audience, who is cutting down anyone who gets in his way as he leisurely passes through the chaos.






Chapter 13 - Marching Orders, Fourth March 


The crystal-studded Lost works to get the cadet to not put the gun barrel in their mouth. “Not for eating!”  


“But it’s the color of bread!” 


“Hello,” Penny says, standing on her toes, leaning to one side- hand on Clover for balance. “I like your diamonds.” 


Thank you, I dressed up for the parade,” the Lost says, taking the gun, sticking it into her belt, and swatting the cadet on the ass to speed them on their way. “I-” 


She pauses as a bucketful of blue dust is thrown into her face. Most of it wicks off. 


“Can direct you to aid. Would you like to know something you’re missing, where to find something you're looking for, or something random?”






Answer...


13.a Something you’re missing  
13.b Where to find something (and name that something)  
13.c Something random






Chapter 13 - Marching Orders, Fourth March 


“Blue ribbons aren't bad ribbons,” the diamond-studded Lost tells you. “Our blue ribbon dancers are some of the best of our best.” 


With that, she resumes trying to manage the chaos.






[MO map]






Answer...


13.a Go on
13.v Stay where you are, ask something of one of the other groups. 
13.v-z Go back






Chapter 13 - Marching Orders, Fourth March 


At the west end of the observatory, you see that a parade float, wobbling as it passes around the bend near the cliffside, has dumped a quantity of odds and ends onto the street. Rather than pick them up, it’s being treated as a treat for the parade audience.  




6  
Marching Shako  
A fine Marching Band cap, flat at the top, with a brim and a socketed plume at the front. 


Equipment: Defensive equipment, top right slot. Your combat advantage can default to lower of combo and your number of March items. Combat advantage earned this way can stack with other advantage (taking some combination of two bonus actions). Grants: 


[Grand Flourish]  




1
Club Foot  
A sandwich with a sizeable foot of unknown provenance in it. It, despite everything, looks delicious.  


Consumable: Restore, at random, 3U, 2U and 1#, 1U and 2#, or 3#. You mess up your next social effort this downtime. If you don’t make a social effort, you choke and lose a random amount of health, equal to 0-100% of your maximum U.  




1
Cadet’s Trousers  
Trousers with piping at the seams, clearly handed down or recycled from someone who saw battle. 


Equipment: Defensive equipment, bottom middle slot. The first time you successfully evade in combat, you may take an action as if you won combat advantage. When you win advantage, you may choose to play Ready, Aim, or Fire. Grants: 


[Take Aim]






4  
Green Die 
A round four-sided mint green die.  


Consumable: Reroll the node you're in, any connecting nodes immediately ahead, and a node behind. If a node behind has a consequence or threat in it, it gives chase. Spent on use.  




2
Cheater’s Notes  
A Lost gathered notes and tricks on how to cheat at a test. It’s clear they didnt know what test they were taking; it's pretty varied.  


Consumable: Can spend at any time for 2-3 clues, some related. If used in relation to the something tied to cheating, grants two partial hints in addition to the clues.  




2
Canary Die  
A three sided die, shaped like an ice cream cone. 


Consumable: Reroll equipment you have yet to claim or pick up. Equipment value is randomized twice, taking the lower results, for less value overall.  




0
Lost Coin  
A crow with a blue tint to his feathers attempts to teach a group of three Lost wearing motley yellow clothes and makeshift wings. 


Currency: It’s Lost Currency.  




1
Turncoat’s Papers  
It looks like a Lost was preparing themselves to turn on their friends by gathering inspiration and propaganda. 


Consumable: Can spend at any time for 1-2 clues, some related. If used in relation to the something tied to cheating, grants a basic hint in addition to the clues.  




0
Lost Coin  
A girl in green with a ladder rushes to save someone in distress, wearing purple, who is clinging to a star a distance over her head. 


Currency: It's Lost Currency.  




However, there are others grabbing for the same items. If more than three grab for the same thing, it is ruined. If you and two others grab for it, you get it on a 5+. If you and another grab for it, you get it on a4+. You have deft hands, so you get a +1 to your roll.






What do you grab for?  


13.a Shako 
13.b Club Foot  
13.c Cadet’s Trousers  
13.d Green Die  
13.e Cheater’s Notes  
13.f Canary Die  
13.g Lost Coin (With a crow on it)  
13.h Turncoat’s Papers 
13.i Lost Coin (With the ladder girl on it)






1
Turncoat’s Papers  
It looks like a Lost was preparing themselves to turn on their friends by gathering inspiration and propaganda. 


Consumable: Can spend at any time for 1-2 clues, some related. If used in relation to the something tied to cheating, grants a basic hint in addition to the clues.  




1
Club Foot  
A sandwich with a sizeable foot of unknown provenance in it. It, despite everything, looks delicious.  


Consumable: Restore, at random, 3U, 2U and 1#, 1U and 2#, or 3#. You mess up your next social effort this downtime. If you don’t make a social effort, you choke and lose a random amount of health, equal to 0-100% of your maximum U.  




4  
Green Die 
A round four-sided mint green die.  


Consumable: Reroll the node you're in, any connecting nodes immediately ahead, and a node behind. If a node behind has a consequence or threat in it, it gives chase. Spent on use.  




0
Lost Coin  
A crow with a blue tint to his feathers attempts to teach a group of three Lost wearing motley yellow clothes and makeshift wings. 


Currency: It’s Lost Currency.  




0
Lost Coin  
A girl in green with a ladder rushes to save someone in distress, wearing purple, who is clinging to a star a distance over her head. 


Currency: It's Lost Currency.  




2
Canary Die  
A three sided die, shaped like an ice cream cone. 


Consumable: Reroll equipment you have yet to claim or pick up. Equipment value is randomized twice, taking the lower results, for less value overall.  






What do you grab for?  


13.a Turncoat’s Papers 
13.b Club Foot  
13.c Green Die  
13.d Lost Coin (With a crow on it)  
13.e Lost Coin (With the ladder girl on it)
13.f Canary Die  






Forgot to include this at the top, while trying to get the images on one screen:
Chapter 13 - Marching Orders, Fourth March 


You get the cheater’s notes without any issue. Six items remain, with four of you vying over them.






%roll 1d6+1 (Need a 4+)
"(Need a 4+)" [4] + 1 = 5






Chapter 13 - Marching Orders, Fourth March 


You get the Turncoat’s papers with a bit of tug-of-war. Three items remain, with four people grabbing for them.  




0
Lost Coin  
A crow with a blue tint to his feathers attempts to teach a group of three Lost wearing motley yellow clothes and makeshift wings. 


Currency: It’s Lost Currency.  




0
Lost Coin  
A girl in green with a ladder rushes to save someone in distress, wearing purple, who is clinging to a star a distance over her head. 


Currency: It's Lost Currency.  




4  
Green Die 
A round four-sided mint green die.  


Consumable: Reroll the node you're in, any connecting nodes immediately ahead, and a node behind. If a node behind has a consequence or threat in it, it gives chase. Spent on use.  








What do you grab for?  


13.a Lost Coin (With a crow on it)  
13.b Lost Coin (With the ladder girl on it)
13.c Green Die  








%roll 1d6+1 (Needs 4+)
"(Needs 4+)" [6] + 1 = 7






[MO map]






Where to?  


13.a On to the telescopes  
13.t Stay where you are. 
13.v-z Go back






Chapter 13 - Marching Orders, Fourth March 


“When I was planning this trip, this is what I was most excited to show you. I don’t know what the limits are yet, but I like the idea of figuring it out together with you.”  


“I was talking with Boy Gone and Posie about roles and where they fit in, what they're doing. I’ve always been a studier. I’m not in love with what I’m studying. I took your suggestion and took more electives, trying to spark something. I’m wondering now if I should take a year off, and use the money I'd spend on school for books and the house. But I guess part of my issue is that the house feels like it’s yours, you fought for it and bled for it. Then part of the house feels like it... belongs to the things still trapped in the walls. They're getting quieter as we clean up, but I still feel squeezed in. Maybe buying things would help with that. Maybe cleaning up more will.” 


Parker sighs. “I’m worried about what happens if I pursue practice, if we get that far, if that’s okay. So I’m not squeezed in or several steps behind you for the next forever.” 


“If Sinclair gets rid of the surgeon, they'll probably be dumber,” Penny says, brightly. “Less good at reading. You could catch up then.” 


“That's uncomfortable to think about. Not the brains thing. Unless I’m wrong about the timing, I liked Sinclair before that was a thing,” Parker says. “But I think I’d much rather pursue different practice. Again, if that’s...” 


Parker flounders for a couple seconds. 


“...Allowed? Uncomfortable word.”  


You arrive at the observatory. There are multiple telescopes set up, and the main one, which is open, with parade watchers gathered on the stairs.






Reply to Parker? 
13.* ?






Where to aim the telescopes? 


13.a Use a telescope that is pointed toward the globe above the observatory  
13.b Use a telescope to view a past scene  
13.c One for finding the location of something valuable  
13.d Move on






Chapter 13 - Marching Orders, Fourth March 


“I'll see what I can do about getting you a foundation for something that isn’t this, if you like. Meeting the council might also help round things out.”  


“I still want to help with these Paths. I like the idea of figuring it out with you too.” 


You approach the telescope, which is fully set up, and a guard passes you a coin with a telescope printed on it - a simple black image against the coin’s gold background. It seems you get one use for free. 


“See, this is sensible,” Clover says. “Free things to drive people to your business? Great. Parades? Great. Free food, candy, and clothes? Great. Free access to stuff like this? Why isn't it like this all the time? Why does it have to be a once a year thing on Earth?” 


“It would be nice if it could be,” Parker says. “What are we looking at?”






What are you using the telescope to look at?
13.* Pick a location on Earth.






Chapter 13 - Marching Orders, Fourth March 


Pick a location on Earth: Orlando  


Orlando is a tall, narrow man, with a mediterranean appearance- light brown skin, wavy dark hair, a trim mustache and beard, and simple clothes- black slacks and a loose, colorful shirt. 


He’s inside a bookstore, with narrow, labyrinthine corridors between the shelves. As he navigates between the shelves, he takes routes that should loop back in on themselves, but ends up in new corridors, with various designs and colors of bookshelf. 


He stops at the mouth of one corridor, so narrow that he, if he wasn’t alright very slight of build, would scrape against shelves on either side as he walked. As is, he can just barely pass through, where shelves are stained red, sometimes mottled, and many have glass doors. 


“Orlando,” a voice whispers. 


You have to pivot the view to see who he’s speaking to. The sound fades for a moment as you do. 


You have a view of Orlando from behind, looking at an Other who might be eight feet tall, slouched over with head slightly tilted, so as to not bump the ceiling. The Other is dressed in a white shirt and vest, long slacks, and dress shoes, and has skin that’s a light gray. “-ful with the glass. If you break it, I will take enough of your bones to grind into sand, and then bake them to make replacement panes.” 


Orlando gives the tall man a slight nod. He indicates a glass door. “May I?” 


“That remains to be seen,” the Other says, but it reaches forward with a long, long arm, with long, long fingers, and puts a long key into the keyhole. The glass door swings open. 


Orlando takes two texts, pausing to examine one. 


Wolf Stories






Chapter 13 - Marching Orders, Fourth March 


“And the alchemy text. If you don’t mind backtracking?”  


The Other reaches for the top of the bookshelves on either side of it, and hauls itself up, disappearing from view. From the sounds of it, it moves like a spider across the shelf-tops, many of which only have a foot or so of space between the tops of them and the ceiling. 


He traces his route, and emerges, waiting as the Other unlocks a set of wooden double doors at the base of one dark green bookshelf. Orlando takes one with a realistic heart embossed into the leather cover. 


“William’s original writings in exchange for an evening with this text. I'd like to borrow these three,” Orlando says. He wants the evening with Wolf Stories, and to borrow two alchemy texts and one unknown one. 


“I’m neither salesman nor lender. You know the cost if the books aren't returned in time.” 


“It's too hard to do alchemy without access to the text, and you don’t allow copying. I know the cost.” 


“The recipes you want to do take time. You're a wary man, and I expect you already bought the most likely ingredients. One surprise or mistake, however, and you may not have time. I'll make you another deal. A lenient borrowing period. Same price if the books are not returned. In exchange... well, let me sweeten the deal, first.” 


“Is the price so high that you have to sweeten it, while also being lenient?” 


“I'll give you the sweetness first. You are being spied on, my friend.” 


A long finger points at you.  


“Not too surprising,” Orlando says. 


“Let's be rid of that, and I'll tell you what I want.” 


The Other reaches for you, and you're forced to pull back. Viewing over.






[MO map]






What next? 


13.a Move on.  
13.b Use the telescope for one of the other functions, at the cost of one coin.  
13.t-z Go back to a prior node.  
13.* Talk to Parker, your companions, or a nearby Lost.






Chapter 13 - Marching Orders, Fourth March 


Use the ‘past scene’ telescope to look at the Little Wolves’ Red Room  


Blaze shut the door and pocketed the key. Only Akako was present. Furniture throughout the room was all red, like the light that came in through the windows, but somehow still didn’t match very well. The room itself looked old, with uneven floorboards. A table sits in the middle, with a collection of very different chairs around it, one occupied by the corpse of the Little Wolf you identified as Robin, propped up, caved in face facing the sky. Spots around the perimeter of the room seem to have been made homey by individual Little Wolves, one of which is a hammock Akako is inside, the sides of it high enough that only the top of her head and her book are visible. 


“Flanagan will bite you if he sees you sitting there.” 


Akako lowered the book she was holding enough to look at Blaze. 


“Yeah, you won't budge, will you? Because you're stubborn.” 


Akako remained silent. 


“Speak, little cur. If you can’t speak English, speak cur. Woof woof.” 


“I speak English,” Akako said, stiffly, before returning her eyes to the book. 


“Not very well. You pretend to be smart, reading those books, but you can’t speak human?” 


Akako sneered. “Are you like this because you failed to catch your target today?”  


Blaze shook her head. She might have been rolling her eyes, but it’s impossible to tell with her long lashes. She walked over to the wall, where a red cabinet was inset, and whispered, ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~.” The door opened. She picked out the last, smiled a little, then blew hard. 


Akako fell from the hammock, mouth open in a scream that was silenced because she couldn't take in or let out a breath. Legs kicked and dragged against the floor as she alternately curled up or arched her back, and were skinned or got splinters from the uneven, rough-hewn floorboards. 


Blaze stopped blowing. She put it back, then picked out the rest, one by one, giving them short, silent tweets.






Chapter 13 - Marching Orders, Fourth March 


“You're not one of us, cur. You're a replacement. If you don’t figure your shit out fast, I'll feed you to the Wolf.”  


Doors were opening. Other Little Wolves came through a different door, around the same time, some arriving partway through Blaze’s statement. 


“No Poppy? She'd better have something the next time she shows up,” Blaze remarked. Others take their seats, each with a specific chair. Rudy pauses to go make tea and gather packaged snacks and candies. She strokes Robin's blood-caked hair, which is greasy with the putrefied oils and fats a corpse leaks, then looks down. “What are you doing?” 


Akako, in the middle of rising to her feet, stops, eyes on the ground. 


Blaze grabs Akako’s hair, dragging her to the head of the table, then shoves her down to the floor, nearby driving nose into floorboard. She sits sideways, so she can keep one foot on Akako’s ear, pressing head to ground. “Don’t move, don’t speak. When I whistle, you come, you take your seat. Exceptions if you earn them. You don't come? You're a footrest.” 


Akako clearly seethes, but doesn’t move or speak, lying on the ground like a rag doll. 


Blaze lounges sideways in her armchair, one foot on the seat, the other on Akako. “I call to order the one hundred and eightieth meeting of the Reds. Sarazin, Sinclair, Courtland , the Grandchildren, and the Ribbon gang. Tell me something good or bring me a gift. Any points of order before we begin? No? Flanagan? Start us off.” 


Flanagan, adopting a posture similar to Blaze’s, holds the tea Rudy has just handed him off to the side. He very intentionally spills the hot tea onto Akako’s leg. She barely reacts. He rears back, mouth open, and it looks like the others are poised to join in with howls of their own. 


You back out before the howl can reach your ears.






Chapter 13 - Marching Orders, Fourth March 


“I tried to find treasure,” Parker says. “I found something in the water, but I couldn't tell where it was... so that’s useless. I ran out of time before I could find details.”  


“In the city?” Penny asks. 


“Near it.” 


“What kind of water was it?” 


“It was water.” 


“Ugh. Draw me a picture maybe, I can look for it when I go swimming.” 


Parker pulls out the writing kit, and starts to sketch it out. “Okay. I hoped we could find something to help pay for the wedding.” 


Clover nods. “This all gets easier if you walk the Forest Ribbon Trail. The Path won't be so heavy for you, it gets easier to find things, or use things like this. The Paths start to meet you partway. It's why you should be careful not to get separated from Sinclair. You'll get Lost very easily.” 


“And is me being here, making things harder, why we don’t have a flag?” 


Clover and Penny exchange looks. Penny shakes her head. “I don’t think that’s how it works. We should have a flag by now.”






What next? 


13.a Move on. 
13.s Stay 
13.t-z Go back to a prior node.  
13.* Talk to Parker, your companions, or a nearby Lost.






There’s a catch here... (Navigation)  


To see more of the Little Wolves’ movements and the dynamics at play, there's a requirement; you're going to need a better look at places personal to
 them. Unlocking this space has an added requirement where you need to get into the red room somehow, or find a way to observe them there. Until you do, this grid space can only take you so far.




[bottom right LW grid space open to attack: [Wolf II clue] [Rapacious III clue] [Rapacious III clue] required]














[TERMINUS]